1	numbers	(computer, understand, ?)	What do computers understand?
0	both	(?, use, bow and arrow)	Who uses a bow and arrow?
0	the introduction	carbon dioxide, produced by, ?	What produces carbon dioxide?
1	Plutonium	$x, is byproduct of, fission	What are some byproducts of fission?
1	the electric lightbulb	thomas edison, invent, ?	What did thomas edison invent?
0	the pitched roof extension	(fish scales, be for, ?)	What are fish scales for?
0	a variety	babies, come from, ?	Where do babies come from?
1	Grains	$x: ($x, "type", food) ($x, high in, protein) ($x, high in, fiber)	What foods are high in both protein and fiber?
0	both diseases	($x, cured by, antibiotics)	What is cured by antibiotics?
1	Carrauntuohill	?, mountain in, Ireland	What mountains are in ireland?
1	Friends	(?, important for, happiness)	What is important for happiness?
0	the upland	fresh water, come from, ?	Where does fresh water come from?
1	The first commercial crop	?, produced in, Colorado	What is made in Colorado
1	survival	(insulin, is for, ?)	What is insulin for?
1	30 wagons	wagon train, made up of, ?	How many wagons are in a wagon train
1	diabetics	(insulin, is for, ?)	What is insulin for?
1	Colorado Coal Quality Coal	?, produced in, Colorado	What is made in Colorado
1	5 feet	rattlesnakes, grow to, ?	What is a rattle snakes height
1	Buckwheat	$x: ($x, "type", food) ($x, high in, protein) ($x, high in, fiber)	What foods are high in both protein and fiber?
1	its fine art and architecture	Belgium, is known for, ?	What is Belgium known for?
1	the West	(the sun, rises in, ?)	Where does the sun rise?
0	a lot	new york, is known for, ?	What is New York known for?
1	sky	(the sun, rises in, ?)	Where does the sun rise?
1	1943-12-30	Mercer Mayer, date of birth, ?	How old is mercer mayer
1	the quinoa	$x: ($x, is produced in | is grown in, mountains)	What is produced in the mountains?
1	The best tea	$x: ($x, is produced in | is grown in, mountains)	What is produced in the mountains?
1	steam	$x: ($x, used for, cooking) ($x, used for, cleaning)	What is used for both cooking and cleaning?
1	the womb	babies, come from, ?	Where do babies come from?
0	that other people	freedom, mean, ?	What does freedom mean?
1	sugar beets	sucrose, made from, ?	What is sucrose made from?
1	"NH4OH"	ammonium hydroxide, formula, ?	What is the formula for ammonium hydroxide
1	Quinoa	$x: ($x, "type", food) ($x, high in, protein) ($x, high in, fiber)	What foods are high in both protein and fiber?
1	Soviet cosmonaut Yuri Gagarin	?, first person in, space	Who was the first person in space?
1	1839	(Georgetown college, founded in, ?)	When was Georgetown college founded?
1	Mozambique	?, is located in, Africa	What is located in africa?
1	storage	car, is used for, ?	What are cars used for?
0	quickstep	(?, develop, Jazz music)	Who developed Jazz music?
1	Ecuador	(banana, come from, ?)	Where do bananas come from?
0	its houses	denver, is known for, ?	What is Denver known for?
1	an unborn child	physical fitness, good for, ?	What is physical fitness good for?
1	electricity	(?, produce, wind)	What produces wind?
1	outside hutches	pet rabbits, live in, ?	Where a pet rabbit lives
1	burning fossil fuels	carbon dioxide, produced by, ?	What produces carbon dioxide?
1	its parks	denver, is known for, ?	What is Denver known for?
0	the vehicle	a small video camera, is, ?	What exactly is a small video camera
1	Spain	$x: ($x, border, France) ($x, "type", country)	What countries border France?
1	Coors Light	Colorado, beers from here, ?	What is made in Colorado
1	everyone	physical fitness, good for, ?	What is physical fitness good for?
1	Carrantuohill	?, mountain in, Ireland	What mountains are in ireland?
0	a very	(crocodiles, live for, ?)	How long do crocodiles live?
1	money	(?, important for, happiness)	What is important for happiness?
0	the cards	pokemon, just look like, ?	What do ruby Pokemon look like
1	Juarez	?, is city in, Mexico	What cities are in mexico?
1	Tanzania	$x: (coffee, is produced in | is grown in | is export from, $x) ($x, is located in, Africa)	What places in Africa produce coffee?
0	fire gratis	salamanders, eat, ?	What does salamander eat
0	the medium	thomas edison, invent, ?	What did thomas edison invent?
1	a calm demeanor	denver, is known for, ?	What is Denver known for?
1	the Hefty Rob Ford	(?, is mayor of, Toronto)	Who is the mayor of Toronto?
0	the same place	babies, come from, ?	Where do babies come from?
1	America	education, is good for, ?	What are the benefits of education
0	the air	sodium, loses, ?	How many electrons does sodium want to lose
1	mommies	babies, come from, ?	Where do babies come from?
0	the government	liberty, mean, ?	What does liberty mean?
1	the lowest antique prices	Belgium, is known for, ?	What is Belgium known for?
1	the United States	(?, is, largest country)	What is the largest country?
0	one	a small video camera, is, ?	What exactly is a small video camera
0	the system	(?, produce, wind)	What produces wind?
1	the northeast	(the sun, rises in, ?)	Where does the sun rise?
1	human systems	fractal, are found in, ?	Where are fractals found?
0	other conditions	hypertension, caused by, ?	What is hypertension caused by?
0	op	a small video camera, is, ?	What exactly is a small video camera
1	people	education, is good for, ?	What are the benefits of education
0	items	?, can be, recycle	What can be recycled?
0	the form	image map, is, ?	What is an image map
1	AUSTRALIA	(?, is, largest country)	What is the largest country?
1	a mild Thai curry	cilantro, taste like, ?	What does cilantro taste like?
1	the 11th	(leonardo dicaprio, born on, ?)	When was Leonardo DiCaprio born?
1	a choice	freedom, mean, ?	What does freedom mean?
1	its own sake	education, is good for, ?	What are the benefits of education
1	Infectious arthritis	($x, cured by, antibiotics)	What is cured by antibiotics?
1	Ethiopia	$x: (coffee, is produced in | is grown in | is export from, $x) ($x, is located in, Africa)	What places in Africa produce coffee?
0	Love	$x: ($x, is, an animal) ($x, has, feathers)	What animals have feathers?
1	the one valence electron	sodium, loses, ?	How many electrons does sodium want to lose
1	The Sierpinski Carpet	?, is example of | is type of | is kind of | is manifestation of, a fractal	What is an example of a fractal?
1	Santa Fe	?, is city in, Mexico	What cities are in mexico?
1	records	information | data, consist of | is made of, ?	What is information made of?
1	H. H. Bennett Studio	Wisconsin, tourist attractions, ?	What are cool places to visit in Wisconsin
0	a Poke Ball	pokemon, just look like, ?	What do ruby Pokemon look like
0	the heart	babies, come from, ?	Where do babies come from?
0	the Soviet cosmonaut	?, first person in, space	Who was the first person in space?
0	re-filling	helium, used for, ?	What was helium used for
0	the opening and closing	cerebellum, is for, ?	What is the cerebellum for?
0	an event	helium, used for, ?	What was helium used for
0	list	?, can't be, recycle	What can't be recycled?
0	some	new york, is known for, ?	What is New York known for?
1	Gutenberg	?, invented, printing press	Who invented the printing press?
1	Switzerland	$x: ($x, border, France) ($x, "type", country)	What countries border France?
0	the abdomen	a small video camera, is, ?	What exactly is a small video camera
1	Cranberries	(?, contains, antioxidants)	What contains antioxidants?
0	His newest play	?, produced in, Colorado	What is made in Colorado
1	the health	bacteria, important for, ?	What are bacteria important for?
1	Caxton	?, invented, printing press	Who invented the printing press?
1	Tommy Bartlett Exploratory	Wisconsin, tourist attractions, ?	What are cool places to visit in Wisconsin
1	personal use	car, is used for, ?	What are cars used for?
1	A bird	$x: ($x, is, an animal) ($x, has, feathers)	What animals have feathers?
1	insects	salamanders, eat, ?	What does salamander eat
0	two parts	music, divided into, ?	What is the musical term for structure
1	The welding process	?, melts, metal	What melts metal?
1	Rwanda	$x: (coffee, is produced in | is grown in | is export from, $x) ($x, is located in, Africa)	What places in Africa produce coffee?
1	the hospital	babies, come from, ?	Where do babies come from?
1	Thunderstorms	(?, produce, wind)	What produces wind?
0	the challenges	(computer, understand, ?)	What do computers understand?
0	conditions	pet rabbits, live in, ?	Where a pet rabbit lives
0	the cells	(insulin, is for, ?)	What is insulin for?
0	small farms	(banana, come from, ?)	Where do bananas come from?
1	English	(computer, understand, ?)	What do computers understand?
1	single molecules	sugars, are composed of, ?	What is sugar made of
0	this spot	?, melts, metal	What melts metal?
1	years	Wisconsin, tourist attractions, ?	What are cool places to visit in Wisconsin
0	3:58 pm Francis Crick	$x, discovered structure of, DNA	Who discovered the structure of DNA?
1	chlorine	sodium, loses, ?	How many electrons does sodium want to lose
0	all	liberty, mean, ?	What does liberty mean?
1	balance	cerebellum, is for, ?	What is the cerebellum for?
1	year-round adventure	denver, is known for, ?	What is Denver known for?
1	creatures	cryptozoology, is study of, ?	What is cryptozoology?
1	Polystyrene	?, can't be, recycle	What can't be recycled?
0	a number	helium, used for, ?	What was helium used for
1	wine	$x: (France, is known for, $x) (Spain, is known for, $x)	What are France and Spain both known for?
1	its wines	$x: (France, is known for, $x) (Spain, is known for, $x)	What are France and Spain both known for?
0	70 miles	mammoth cave national park, offers, ?	What to do at mammoth cave in Kentucky
1	Strontium 90	$x, is byproduct of, fission	What are some byproducts of fission?
1	Kalahari Resorts	Wisconsin, tourist attractions, ?	What are cool places to visit in Wisconsin
1	Colonel Yang Liwei	?, first person in, space	Who was the first person in space?
0	this play	?, produced in, Colorado	What is made in Colorado
1	unfathomable animals	cryptozoology, is study of, ?	What is cryptozoology?
1	freedom	liberty, mean, ?	What does liberty mean?
1	Edamame	$x: ($x, "type", food) ($x, high in, protein) ($x, high in, fiber)	What foods are high in both protein and fiber?
1	John Sewell	(?, is mayor of, Toronto)	Who is the mayor of Toronto?
0	The athletes	(?, use, bow and arrow)	Who uses a bow and arrow?
0	paint	?, melts, metal	What melts metal?
0	everybody	freedom, mean, ?	What does freedom mean?
1	Quba	first mosque, was erected at, ?	What is the first mosque placed on earth
1	aluminum	?, can be, recycle	What can be recycled?
0	products	?, can be, recycle	What can be recycled?
1	icy grains	(water vapor, come from, ?)	Where does water vapor come from?
1	its flag-waving patriotism	new york, is known for, ?	What is New York known for?
1	The Maya	?, built, pyramids	Who built the pyramids?
1	obesity	hypertension, caused by, ?	What is hypertension caused by?
1	70 years	(crocodiles, live for, ?)	How long do crocodiles live?
0	each other	freedom, mean, ?	What does freedom mean?
1	Slaves	?, built, pyramids	Who built the pyramids?
1	James D. Watson	$x, discovered structure of, DNA	Who discovered the structure of DNA?
1	its museums	new york, is known for, ?	What is New York known for?
1	Eating	(?, is necessary for, survival)	What is necessary for survival?
0	powerful X-rays	$x, discovered, neutron star	Who discovered neutron stars?
1	wood	$x: ($x, used for, cooking) ($x, used for, cleaning)	What is used for both cooking and cleaning?
0	natural resources	Ghana, is a country in, ?	Where is Ghana
1	volcanoes	carbon dioxide, produced by, ?	What produces carbon dioxide?
0	the pull test	(fish scales, be for, ?)	What are fish scales for?
1	life	education, is good for, ?	What are the benefits of education
1	its pizza	new york, is known for, ?	What is New York known for?
1	personal purposes	car, is used for, ?	What are cars used for?
1	the cells	carbon dioxide, produced by, ?	What produces carbon dioxide?
1	Italy	$x: ($x, border, France) ($x, "type", country)	What countries border France?
0	others	($x, cured by, antibiotics)	What is cured by antibiotics?
0	's tea	$x: ($x, is produced in | is grown in, mountains)	What is produced in the mountains?
0	my state	(computer, understand, ?)	What do computers understand?
0	a web page	image map, is, ?	What is an image map
1	Maputo	Mozambique, is located in, ?	Where is Mozambique?
1	glucose and fructose units	sucrose, made from, ?	What is sucrose made from?
0	the following	information | data, consist of | is made of, ?	What is information made of?
1	The ancient Egyptians	?, built, pyramids	Who built the pyramids?
1	five feet	rattlesnakes, grow to, ?	What is a rattle snakes height
0	the first time	eyes, are for, ?	What is the function of an eye
1	type 1 diabetes	(insulin, is for, ?)	What is insulin for?
1	Southeastern Africa	Mozambique, is located in, ?	Where is Mozambique?
0	he colonoscope	a small video camera, is, ?	What exactly is a small video camera
0	the country	?, is located in, Africa	What is located in africa?
1	language	(computer, understand, ?)	What do computers understand?
1	the east	(the sun, rises in, ?)	Where does the sun rise?
1	Vegetables	(?, contains, antioxidants)	What contains antioxidants?
0	the high standard	Belgium, is known for, ?	What is Belgium known for?
0	the Earth	(?, important for, happiness)	What is important for happiness?
1	Japan	(?, is, largest country)	What is the largest country?
1	December 30	Lebron James, born on, ?	When is the birthday of lebron James
1	small arthropods	salamanders, eat, ?	What does salamander eat
1	an architect	?, built, pyramids	Who built the pyramids?
1	our students	education, is good for, ?	What are the benefits of education
1	Uganda	?, is located in, Africa	What is located in africa?
1	sugar cane	sucrose, made from, ?	What is sucrose made from?
1	James Watson	$x, discovered structure of, DNA	Who discovered the structure of DNA?
0	the biologists	$x, discovered structure of, DNA	Who discovered the structure of DNA?
1	January or February	Chinese new year, starts in, ?	What time of the year is Chinese new year
1	Reason	(?, is necessary for, survival)	What is necessary for survival?
1	1943	Mercer Mayer, born in, ?	How old is mercer mayer
0	this tool	$x: ($x, used for, cooking) ($x, used for, cleaning)	What is used for both cooking and cleaning?
1	several fields	information | data, consist of | is made of, ?	What is information made of?
1	slimy critters	salamanders, eat, ?	What does salamander eat
1	The beluga	?, is found in, Arctic	What is found in the Arctic?
0	the film	$x: ($x, is, an animal) ($x, has, feathers)	What animals have feathers?
1	Carol	?, study, quantum physics	Who studies quantum physics?
0	white sugar	sugars, are composed of, ?	What is sugar made of
0	the famous quartet	$x, discovered structure of, DNA	Who discovered the structure of DNA?
1	saccharides	sugars, are composed of, ?	What is sugar made of
0	the face	eyes, are for, ?	What is the function of an eye
1	green tea	(?, contains, antioxidants)	What contains antioxidants?
1	Central America	(banana, come from, ?)	Where do bananas come from?
1	children	education, is good for, ?	What are the benefits of education
1	Wedding and Table decoration	helium, used for, ?	What was helium used for
1	Ciudad Juarez	?, is city in, Mexico	What cities are in mexico?
1	extra urinary potassium	sodium, loses, ?	How many electrons does sodium want to lose
0	liberty	liberty, mean, ?	What does liberty mean?
1	Cosmonaut Yuri Gagarin	?, first person in, space	Who was the first person in space?
0	Jan 2006	?, first person in, space	Who was the first person in space?
0	all this	(computer, understand, ?)	What do computers understand?
1	these storms	(?, produce, wind)	What produces wind?
0	capital	liberty, mean, ?	What does liberty mean?
0	… Continue reading	(leonardo dicaprio, born on, ?)	When was Leonardo DiCaprio born?
1	all jewelry	?, can't be, recycle	What can't be recycled?
0	multiple links	image map, is, ?	What is an image map
1	Pasadena	(NASA, located in, ?)	Where is NASA located?
1	The fruit	(?, contains, antioxidants)	What contains antioxidants?
1	Brazil	(?, is, largest country)	What is the largest country?
0	all kinds	(fish scales, be for, ?)	What are fish scales for?
1	one electron	sodium, loses, ?	How many electrons does sodium want to lose
1	Zambia	?, is located in, Africa	What is located in africa?
1	three hundred years	(crocodiles, live for, ?)	How long do crocodiles live?
1	the Chinese	?, invented, printing press	Who invented the printing press?
1	the Biffy	fresh water, come from, ?	Where does fresh water come from?
1	containers	?, can be, recycle	What can be recycled?
1	Crick	$x, discovered structure of, DNA	Who discovered the structure of DNA?
0	two types	music, divided into, ?	What is the musical term for structure
1	Saltillo	?, is city in, Mexico	What cities are in mexico?
0	people	car, is used for, ?	What are cars used for?
1	Belgium	$x: ($x, border, France) ($x, "type", country)	What countries border France?
1	wells	fresh water, come from, ?	Where does fresh water come from?
1	Greenbelt	(NASA, located in, ?)	Where is NASA located?
0	The self similarity	?, is example of | is type of | is kind of | is manifestation of, a fractal	What is an example of a fractal?
1	the North	(the sun, rises in, ?)	Where does the sun rise?
1	the distance	(the sun, rises in, ?)	Where does the sun rise?
1	Africa	Mozambique, is located in, ?	Where is Mozambique?
0	the development	bacteria, important for, ?	What are bacteria important for?
0	the life	freedom, mean, ?	What does freedom mean?
0	part	image map, is, ?	What is an image map
1	Royal Cloak	?, dark kind of, purple	What is another word for dark purple
1	materials	?, can be, recycle	What can be recycled?
1	China	(?, produce, wind)	What produces wind?
1	immune system	bacteria, important for, ?	What are bacteria important for?
1	the eggs	babies, come from, ?	Where do babies come from?
1	its rich cultural heritage	$x: (France, is known for, $x) (Spain, is known for, $x)	What are France and Spain both known for?
0	No zinc	?, produced in, Colorado	What is made in Colorado
1	water	$x: ($x, used for, cooking) ($x, used for, cleaning)	What is used for both cooking and cleaning?
0	this base	(NASA, located in, ?)	Where is NASA located?
1	Las Cruces	?, is city in, Mexico	What cities are in mexico?
1	an arc	?, melts, metal	What melts metal?
0	the who	?, invented, printing press	Who invented the printing press?
0	This color	?, dark kind of, purple	What is another word for dark purple
1	natural rainwater	fresh water, come from, ?	Where does fresh water come from?
1	Food	(?, is necessary for, survival)	What is necessary for survival?
1	Nature	carbon dioxide, produced by, ?	What produces carbon dioxide?
0	our ordinary time sense	(?, have, "positive charge")	What things are positively charged?
1	Paper	?, can be, recycle	What can be recycled?
1	Monaco	$x: ($x, border, France) ($x, "type", country)	What countries border France?
0	fourteen young penguins	leopard seal, eat, ?	What do leopard seals eat?
0	one single variety	(banana, come from, ?)	Where do bananas come from?
0	demand	image map, is, ?	What is an image map
0	two sources	(water vapor, come from, ?)	Where does water vapor come from?
1	50 years	(crocodiles, live for, ?)	How long do crocodiles live?
1	the electric light	thomas edison, invent, ?	What did thomas edison invent?
1	Students	(?, develop, Jazz music)	Who developed Jazz music?
1	Spinach	$x: ($x, "type", food) ($x, high in, protein) ($x, high in, fiber)	What foods are high in both protein and fiber?
1	Libya	$x: ($x, border, France) ($x, "type", country)	What countries border France?
1	Jones	(?, develop, Jazz music)	Who developed Jazz music?
1	Mt. Olympus Water & Theme Park	Wisconsin, tourist attractions, ?	What are cool places to visit in Wisconsin
1	its highly regarded public school system	denver, is known for, ?	What is Denver known for?
1	central Washington	(NASA, located in, ?)	Where is NASA located?
0	purposes	car, is used for, ?	What are cars used for?
1	genres	music, divided into, ?	What is the musical term for structure
1	David Miller	(?, is mayor of, Toronto)	Who is the mayor of Toronto?
1	stress	(?, is necessary for, survival)	What is necessary for survival?
1	the first Phonograph	thomas edison, invent, ?	What did thomas edison invent?
1	your commands	(computer, understand, ?)	What do computers understand?
0	a dirty slap	cilantro, taste like, ?	What does cilantro taste like?
0	your web server	image map, is, ?	What is an image map
1	Spelt	$x: ($x, "type", food) ($x, high in, protein) ($x, high in, fiber)	What foods are high in both protein and fiber?
0	three categories	music, divided into, ?	What is the musical term for structure
0	The result	$x: ($x, is, an animal) ($x, has, feathers)	What animals have feathers?
0	his or mother	babies, come from, ?	Where do babies come from?
1	insects and worms	salamanders, eat, ?	What does salamander eat
0	captive breeding	(crocodiles, live for, ?)	How long do crocodiles live?
1	2004-10-06	Lebron James, date of birth, ?	When is the birthday of lebron James
1	Amaranth	$x: ($x, "type", food) ($x, high in, protein) ($x, high in, fiber)	What foods are high in both protein and fiber?
1	Etsy	?, is example of | is type of | is kind of | is manifestation of, a fractal	What is an example of a fractal?
1	1984-12-30	Lebron James, date of birth, ?	When is the birthday of lebron James
1	Mexico	(?, is, largest country)	What is the largest country?
1	A tree	?, is example of | is type of | is kind of | is manifestation of, a fractal	What is an example of a fractal?
0	music cultures	(?, develop, Jazz music)	Who developed Jazz music?
0	its shed skins	salamanders, eat, ?	What does salamander eat
1	high blood pressure	hypertension, caused by, ?	What is hypertension caused by?
0	quenching	bacteria, important for, ?	What are bacteria important for?
1	some underlying condition	hypertension, caused by, ?	What is hypertension caused by?
0	Some people	(?, use, bow and arrow)	Who uses a bow and arrow?
0	no one	(?, use, bow and arrow)	Who uses a bow and arrow?
1	Energy	(?, produce, wind)	What produces wind?
0	Specific topics	?, invented, printing press	Who invented the printing press?
1	Slieve Donard	?, mountain in, Ireland	What mountains are in ireland?
0	neither	(?, is necessary for, survival)	What is necessary for survival?
1	Indonesia	(?, is, largest country)	What is the largest country?
0	the burning	carbon dioxide, produced by, ?	What produces carbon dioxide?
1	Marijuana	$x: ($x, is produced in | is grown in, mountains)	What is produced in the mountains?
1	your health	physical fitness, good for, ?	What is physical fitness good for?
1	studies	helium, used for, ?	What was helium used for
0	a variety	information | data, consist of | is made of, ?	What is information made of?
0	different people	freedom, mean, ?	What does freedom mean?
0	Europe works	(?, develop, Jazz music)	Who developed Jazz music?
1	its trendy urban chic vibe	denver, is known for, ?	What is Denver known for?
1	Xena	(?, betrayed, Caesar)	Who betrayed Caesar?
1	Fire	?, melts, metal	What melts metal?
1	Johannes Gutenberg	?, invented, printing press	Who invented the printing press?
0	The more I	?, study, quantum physics	Who studies quantum physics?
1	astronomers	$x, discovered, neutron star	Who discovered neutron stars?
0	1879	thomas edison, invent, ?	What did thomas edison invent?
0	a client-side image map	image map, is, ?	What is an image map
1	the body	fractal, are found in, ?	Where are fractals found?
1	Hunters	(?, use, bow and arrow)	Who uses a bow and arrow?
0	the East and sets	(the sun, rises in, ?)	Where does the sun rise?
1	Calasparra Rice	$x: ($x, is produced in | is grown in, mountains)	What is produced in the mountains?
1	the Mandlebrot set	?, is example of | is type of | is kind of | is manifestation of, a fractal	What is an example of a fractal?
1	more than 100 years	(crocodiles, live for, ?)	How long do crocodiles live?
0	normal Italian parsley plus bits	cilantro, taste like, ?	What does cilantro taste like?
1	heat	?, melts, metal	What melts metal?
1	Katniss	(?, use, bow and arrow)	Who uses a bow and arrow?
1	Sternheimer	?, study, quantum physics	Who studies quantum physics?
0	the consumer	?, can't be, recycle	What can't be recycled?
1	batteries	?, can be, recycle	What can be recycled?
0	the chest	a small video camera, is, ?	What exactly is a small video camera
1	cacao beans	chocolate, is made from, ?	What is chocolate made from?
1	the Sun	(?, produce, wind)	What produces wind?
1	mysterious creatures	cryptozoology, is study of, ?	What is cryptozoology?
1	Luxembourg	$x: ($x, border, France) ($x, "type", country)	What countries border France?
0	the country	$x: (coffee, is produced in | is grown in | is export from, $x) ($x, is located in, Africa)	What places in Africa produce coffee?
1	scientists	$x, discovered structure of, DNA	Who discovered the structure of DNA?
0	a million pounds	pet rabbits, live in, ?	Where a pet rabbit lives
1	business	car, is used for, ?	What are cars used for?
1	severe thunderstorms	(?, produce, wind)	What produces wind?
0	the percolation	fresh water, come from, ?	Where does fresh water come from?
1	its friendly people	$x: (France, is known for, $x) (Spain, is known for, $x)	What are France and Spain both known for?
0	bacterial vaginosis won’t	($x, cured by, antibiotics)	What is cured by antibiotics?
1	Jawaharlal Nehru	?, became the first prime minister of, India	Who is the india first prim minister
0	the time	eyes, are for, ?	What is the function of an eye
0	All these foods	(?, contains, antioxidants)	What contains antioxidants?
1	Ms Marais	?, study, quantum physics	Who studies quantum physics?
1	November 11 , 1974	(leonardo dicaprio, born on, ?)	When was Leonardo DiCaprio born?
0	1450 Gutenberg	?, invented, printing press	Who invented the printing press?
0	any animal	leopard seal, eat, ?	What do leopard seals eat?
0	uses	cerebellum, is for, ?	What is the cerebellum for?
1	Rob Ford	(?, is mayor of, Toronto)	Who is the mayor of Toronto?
0	the beans	chocolate, is made from, ?	What is chocolate made from?
1	Namaacha	Mozambique, is located in, ?	Where is Mozambique?
1	Ho-Chunk Casino	wisconsin, tourist attractions, ?	What are cool places to visit in Wisconsin
1	its diversity	new york, is known for, ?	What is New York known for?
0	people	(insulin, is for, ?)	What is insulin for?
1	November	(leonardo dicaprio, born on, ?)	When was Leonardo DiCaprio born?
1	muscular coordination	cerebellum, is for, ?	What is the cerebellum for?
0	any snow	?, mountain in, Ireland	What mountains are in ireland?
0	the piano	(?, develop, Jazz music)	Who developed Jazz music?
1	West Africa	Ghana, is a country in, ?	Where is Ghana
0	home	babies, come from, ?	Where do babies come from?
0	TB	($x, cured by, antibiotics)	What is cured by antibiotics?
1	Aliens	?, built, pyramids	Who built the pyramids?
1	infection	($x, cured by, antibiotics)	What is cured by antibiotics?
0	psi phenomena	?, study, quantum physics	Who studies quantum physics?
0	Fictitious Bert Xanadu	(?, is mayor of, Toronto)	Who is the mayor of Toronto?
1	Egypt	?, is located in, Africa	What is located in africa?
0	's book	$x: ($x, is, an animal) ($x, has, feathers)	What animals have feathers?
1	Monterrey	?, is city in, Mexico	What cities are in mexico?
1	light	eyes, are for, ?	What is the function of an eye
1	oil	?, is found in, Arctic	What is found in the Arctic?
1	Tin ions	(?, have, "positive charge")	What things are positively charged?
1	fruits and vegetables	(?, contains, antioxidants)	What contains antioxidants?
0	a Ph.D.	?, study, quantum physics	Who studies quantum physics?
1	Wind power	?, produced in, Colorado	What is made in Colorado
1	everyone	education, is good for, ?	What are the benefits of education
1	responsibility	liberty, mean, ?	What does liberty mean?
0	the environment	$x, is byproduct of, fission	What are some byproducts of fission?
1	least 50 years	(crocodiles, live for, ?)	How long do crocodiles live?
1	CO2	?, produced in, Colorado	What is made in Colorado
0	all people	eyes, are for, ?	What is the function of an eye
1	cocoa butter	chocolate, is made from, ?	What is chocolate made from?
0	the control	(insulin, is for, ?)	What is insulin for?
1	Sweden	$x: ($x, border, France) ($x, "type", country)	What countries border France?
0	the top	image map, is, ?	What is an image map
1	the respiration	carbon dioxide, produced by, ?	What produces carbon dioxide?
1	cocoa beans	chocolate, is made from, ?	What is chocolate made from?
1	China	(?, is, largest country)	What is the largest country?
0	A good example	?, invented, printing press	Who invented the printing press?
1	the horizon	(the sun, rises in, ?)	Where does the sun rise?
1	co-ordination	cerebellum, is for, ?	What is the cerebellum for?
1	observations	information | data, consist of | is made of, ?	What is information made of?
0	the most	?, mountain in, Ireland	What mountains are in ireland?
1	Egyptians	?, built, pyramids	Who built the pyramids?
0	The pyramid	?, built, pyramids	Who built the pyramids?
0	the dead	babies, come from, ?	Where do babies come from?
1	Mirror Lake State Park	Wisconsin, tourist attractions, ?	What are cool places to visit in Wisconsin
0	The men	(?, use, bow and arrow)	Who uses a bow and arrow?
0	two categories	music, divided into, ?	What is the musical term for structure
1	F. H. C. Crick	$x, discovered structure of, DNA	Who discovered the structure of DNA?
0	the belly	fresh water, come from, ?	Where does fresh water come from?
1	trips	car, is used for, ?	What are cars used for?
0	its strengths	Belgium, is known for, ?	What is Belgium known for?
0	the left	$x: ($x, is, an animal) ($x, has, feathers)	What animals have feathers?
1	Russia	(?, is, largest country)	What is the largest country?
0	the weight	sodium, loses, ?	How many electrons does sodium want to lose
0	six periods	music, divided into, ?	What is the musical term for structure
1	its cuisine	Belgium, is known for, ?	What is Belgium known for?
1	vision	eyes, are for, ?	What is the function of an eye
1	anuran tadpoles	salamanders, eat, ?	What does salamander eat
0	an end	freedom, mean, ?	What does freedom mean?
0	The nation	?, is located in, Africa	What is located in africa?
1	Tempeh	$x: ($x, "type", food) ($x, high in, protein) ($x, high in, fiber)	What foods are high in both protein and fiber?
1	an electron	sodium, loses, ?	How many electrons does sodium want to lose
1	Paper bags	?, can be, recycle	What can be recycled?
1	a dog	$x: ($x, is, an animal) ($x, has, feathers)	What animals have feathers?
0	scratch	chocolate, is made from, ?	What is chocolate made from?
1	South East Africa	Mozambique, is located in, ?	Where is Mozambique?
0	the Fukushima reactors	$x, is byproduct of, fission	What are some byproducts of fission?
0	his work	new york, is known for, ?	What is New York known for?
0	The acid	$x, is byproduct of, fission	What are some byproducts of fission?
1	human society	fractal, are found in, ?	Where are fractals found?
1	metal casting	?, melts, metal	What melts metal?
1	its beer	Belgium, is known for, ?	What is Belgium known for?
0	951 metres	?, mountain in, Ireland	What mountains are in ireland?
1	The Sierpinski Triangle	?, is example of | is type of | is kind of | is manifestation of, a fractal	What is an example of a fractal?
1	Cleveland	(NASA, located in, ?)	Where is NASA located?
1	Radioactive iodine	$x, is byproduct of, fission	What are some byproducts of fission?
0	its production	$x: (France, is known for, $x) (Spain, is known for, $x)	What are France and Spain both known for?
1	the Indians	(?, use, bow and arrow)	Who uses a bow and arrow?
1	balloons	helium, used for, ?	What was helium used for
1	the warm water evaporating	(water vapor, come from, ?)	Where does water vapor come from?
1	Disposable cups	?, can't be, recycle	What can't be recycled?
1	The Alaskan blackfish	?, is found in, Arctic	What is found in the Arctic?
0	This light coated bear	?, is found in, Arctic	What is found in the Arctic?
0	the country	liberty, mean, ?	What does liberty mean?
1	Pu-239	$x, is byproduct of, fission	What are some byproducts of fission?
1	Chula Vista Resort	Wisconsin, tourist attractions, ?	What are cool places to visit in Wisconsin
1	the welding	?, melts, metal	What melts metal?
1	worms	salamanders, eat, ?	What does salamander eat
0	the west	Ghana, is a country in, ?	Where is Ghana
0	its focus	denver, is known for, ?	What is Denver known for?
0	the sealed	(bell pepper, stored in, ?)	What are bell peppers stored in?
1	Texas	(?, produce, wind)	What produces wind?
0	his colleagues	?, study, quantum physics	Who studies quantum physics?
1	good health	bacteria, important for, ?	What are bacteria important for?
1	the evaporation	(water vapor, come from, ?)	Where does water vapor come from?
0	40� x	image map, is, ?	What is an image map
0	one	(?, have, "positive charge")	What things are positively charged?
0	Both	?, can be, recycle	What can be recycled?
0	freedom	freedom, mean, ?	What does freedom mean?
0	gas	?, melts, metal	What melts metal?
0	My hobby	?, study, quantum physics	Who studies quantum physics?
1	Oil	$x: ($x, used for, cooking) ($x, used for, cleaning)	What is used for both cooking and cleaning?
1	Rhodiola rosea	?, is found in, Arctic	What is found in the Arctic?
1	worms and insects	salamanders, eat, ?	What does salamander eat
1	the hydrogen atoms	(?, have, "positive charge")	What things are positively charged?
1	Francis Crick	$x, discovered structure of, DNA	Who discovered the structure of DNA?
0	society	liberty, mean, ?	What does liberty mean?
0	an IQ	?, study, quantum physics	Who studies quantum physics?
1	nature	fractal, are found in, ?	Where are fractals found?
0	's coffee	$x: ($x, is produced in | is grown in, mountains)	What is produced in the mountains?
1	The tiny mollusc Limacina helicina	?, is found in, Arctic	What is found in the Arctic?
0	the outer end	a small video camera, is, ?	What exactly is a small video camera
1	its waffles	Belgium, is known for, ?	What is Belgium known for?
1	vegetable oil and sugar	sucrose, made from, ?	What is sucrose made from?
1	voluntary muscle movements	cerebellum, is for, ?	What is the cerebellum for?
0	the world	$x: ($x, is produced in | is grown in, mountains)	What is produced in the mountains?
1	a clean home	(?, important for, happiness)	What is important for happiness?
1	mythic and legendary creatures	cryptozoology, is study of, ?	What is cryptozoology?
1	business	education, is good for, ?	What are the benefits of education
1	diabetes	(insulin, is for, ?)	What is insulin for?
1	Kizimkazi	first mosque, was erected at, ?	What is the first mosque placed on earth
0	the back	a small video camera, is, ?	What exactly is a small video camera
0	every part	(the sun, rises in, ?)	Where does the sun rise?
1	Guadalajara	?, is city in, Mexico	What cities are in mexico?
0	different parts	fractal, are found in, ?	Where are fractals found?
1	crows	(?, predator of, squirrel)	What are predators of squirrels?
0	the seeds	chocolate, is made from, ?	What is chocolate made from?
1	the pharaohs	?, built, pyramids	Who built the pyramids?
0	use	eyes, are for, ?	What is the function of an eye
1	soap	cilantro, taste like, ?	What does cilantro taste like?
1	Malawi	?, is located in, Africa	What is located in africa?
1	information	information | data, consist of | is made of, ?	What is information made of?
1	The snow fox	?, is found in, Arctic	What is found in the Arctic?
1	movement	cerebellum, is for, ?	What is the cerebellum for?
1	natural sources	(water vapor, come from, ?)	Where does water vapor come from?
0	reports	cryptozoology, is study of, ?	What is cryptozoology?
0	The Republic	?, is located in, Africa	What is located in africa?
1	Andorra	$x: ($x, border, France) ($x, "type", country)	What countries border France?
0	some cases	($x, cured by, antibiotics)	What is cured by antibiotics?
1	some herbs	$x: ($x, used for, cooking) ($x, used for, cleaning)	What is used for both cooking and cleaning?
1	the Chlorine atom	sodium, loses, ?	How many electrons does sodium want to lose
0	my gallery	fractal, are found in, ?	Where are fractals found?
1	Goddard Space Flight	(NASA, located in, ?)	Where is NASA located?
0	two sections	music, divided into, ?	What is the musical term for structure
1	lemon juice	$x: ($x, used for, cooking) ($x, used for, cleaning)	What is used for both cooking and cleaning?
0	the cloud	(?, have, "positive charge")	What things are positively charged?
1	Tijuana	?, is city in, Mexico	What cities are in mexico?
1	olive oil	$x: ($x, used for, cooking) ($x, used for, cleaning)	What is used for both cooking and cleaning?
0	proper maintenance	bacteria, important for, ?	What are bacteria important for?
1	life	(?, important for, happiness)	What is important for happiness?
1	the nation	education, is good for, ?	What are the benefits of education
0	fire	salamanders, eat, ?	What does salamander eat
1	fashion	new york, is known for, ?	What is New York known for?
1	its cheese	$x: (France, is known for, $x) (Spain, is known for, $x)	What are France and Spain both known for?
0	inadequate blade area	(water vapor, come from, ?)	Where does water vapor come from?
0	1961	?, first person in, space	Who was the first person in space?
1	more street and music festivals	Belgium, is known for, ?	What is Belgium known for?
0	the Australian chef Bill Granger	(banana, come from, ?)	Where do bananas come from?
1	Ford	(?, is mayor of, Toronto)	Who is the mayor of Toronto?
1	Mount Brandon	?, mountain in, Ireland	What mountains are in ireland?
0	many countries	(banana, come from, ?)	Where do bananas come from?
1	Canada	(?, is, largest country)	What is the largest country?
1	skiing	denver, is known for, ?	What is Denver known for?
1	a healthy puppy	(?, important for, happiness)	What is important for happiness?
1	nonunion plantations	(banana, come from, ?)	Where do bananas come from?
0	mutations	hypertension, caused by, ?	What is hypertension caused by?
0	companies	?, produced in, Colorado	What is made in Colorado
0	This plant	$x: ($x, is produced in | is grown in, mountains)	What is produced in the mountains?
1	Albuquerque	?, is city in, Mexico	What cities are in mexico?
1	Incandescent light bulb	thomas edison, invent, ?	What did thomas edison invent?
1	a shoreline	?, is example of | is type of | is kind of | is manifestation of, a fractal	What is an example of a fractal?
1	Vacations	(?, important for, happiness)	What is important for happiness?
0	someone	$x: ($x, is, an animal) ($x, has, feathers)	What animals have feathers?
1	Gagarin	?, first person in, space	Who was the first person in space?
0	53 cars	carbon dioxide, produced by, ?	What produces carbon dioxide?
0	a variety	fractal, are found in, ?	Where are fractals found?
1	unseen animals	cryptozoology, is study of, ?	What is cryptozoology?
1	the incandescent lamp	thomas edison, invent, ?	What did thomas edison invent?
0	New Orleans	pet rabbits, live in, ?	Where a pet rabbit lives
0	the formation	bacteria, important for, ?	What are bacteria important for?
0	an unusually high level	leopard seal, eat, ?	What do leopard seals eat?
1	ancient China	Chinese new year, starts in, ?	What time of the year is Chinese new year
1	monsters	pokemon, just look like, ?	What do ruby Pokemon look like
1	Excellent coffee	$x: ($x, is produced in | is grown in, mountains)	What is produced in the mountains?
1	Lyme Disease	($x, cured by, antibiotics)	What is cured by antibiotics?
0	a blend	chocolate, is made from, ?	What is chocolate made from?
1	mythical creatures	cryptozoology, is study of, ?	What is cryptozoology?
0	plant or animal matter	?, produced in, Colorado	What is made in Colorado
1	the cocoa	chocolate, is made from, ?	What is chocolate made from?
0	the house	$x: ($x, is, an animal) ($x, has, feathers)	What animals have feathers?
0	the Faculty	(?, is mayor of, Toronto)	Who is the mayor of Toronto?
1	fear	(?, is necessary for, survival)	What is necessary for survival?
1	1996-08-10	Jacob Latimore, date of birth, ?	How old is Jacob latimore
1	O , C , H and N.	sugars, are composed of, ?	What is sugar made of
1	the Kilimanjaro	fresh water, come from, ?	Where does fresh water come from?
1	human activity	carbon dioxide, produced by, ?	What produces carbon dioxide?
0	this region	$x: (coffee, is produced in | is grown in | is export from, $x) ($x, is located in, Africa)	What places in Africa produce coffee?
1	its comic books	Belgium, is known for, ?	What is Belgium known for?
0	signs	eyes, are for, ?	What is the function of an eye
1	rainfall	fresh water, come from, ?	Where does fresh water come from?
0	more	sodium, loses, ?	How many electrons does sodium want to lose
0	this gull	?, is found in, Arctic	What is found in the Arctic?
1	Nehru	?, became the first prime minister of, India	Who is the india first prim minister
0	Kerry	?, mountain in, Ireland	What mountains are in ireland?
1	Thule	(NASA, located in, ?)	Where is NASA located?
0	all	education, is good for, ?	What are the benefits of education
0	Nobody	($x, cured by, antibiotics)	What is cured by antibiotics?
1	Houston	(NASA, located in, ?)	Where is NASA located?
1	December 30 , 1984	Lebron James, born on, ?	When is the birthday of lebron James
1	your liver	(?, is necessary for, survival)	What is necessary for survival?
1	speech	cerebellum, is for, ?	What is the cerebellum for?
1	lakes	(water vapor, come from, ?)	Where does water vapor come from?
1	the date	information | data, consist of | is made of, ?	What is information made of?
0	your body	(insulin, is for, ?)	What is insulin for?
1	hutches	pet rabbits, live in, ?	Where a pet rabbit lives
1	the penguins	leopard seal, eat, ?	What do leopard seals eat?
1	the 30th	Lebron James, born on, ?	When is the birthday of lebron James
1	Ghana	?, is located in, Africa	What is located in africa?
0	NETs	bacteria, important for, ?	What are bacteria important for?
1	turbot	?, is found in, Arctic	What is found in the Arctic?
0	the right	liberty, mean, ?	What does liberty mean?
1	Protons	(?, have, "positive charge")	What things are positively charged?
0	the capital	Mozambique, is located in, ?	Where is Mozambique?
1	chocolate	(?, contains, antioxidants)	What contains antioxidants?
0	history	?, is found in, Arctic	What is found in the Arctic?
0	one incision	a small video camera, is, ?	What exactly is a small video camera
1	California	(NASA, located in, ?)	Where is NASA located?
1	glucose	sucrose, made from, ?	What is sucrose made from?
1	a number	information | data, consist of | is made of, ?	What is information made of?
1	Wizard Quest	Wisconsin, tourist attractions, ?	What are cool places to visit in Wisconsin
0	an increase	hypertension, caused by, ?	What is hypertension caused by?
0	someone	(?, use, bow and arrow)	Who uses a bow and arrow?
1	NASA Astronomers	$x, discovered, neutron star	Who discovered neutron stars?
0	he rear license plate	a small video camera, is, ?	What exactly is a small video camera
1	The Fibonacci Rabbit sequence	?, is example of | is type of | is kind of | is manifestation of, a fractal	What is an example of a fractal?
0	a layer	image map, is, ?	What is an image map
1	plants	chocolate, is made from, ?	What is chocolate made from?
1	forastero beans	chocolate, is made from, ?	What is chocolate made from?
1	The iodine	$x, is byproduct of, fission	What are some byproducts of fission?
1	responsibility	freedom, mean, ?	What does freedom mean?
1	a pot	(water vapor, come from, ?)	Where does water vapor come from?
1	official duties	car, is used for, ?	What are cars used for?
0	a number	music, divided into, ?	What is the musical term for structure
1	the Scilands	(NASA, located in, ?)	Where is NASA located?
1	the light bulb	thomas edison, invent, ?	What did thomas edison invent?
1	some light gage stainless welding	helium, used for, ?	What was helium used for
1	the electrode	?, melts, metal	What melts metal?
0	their glow	sodium, loses, ?	How many electrons does sodium want to lose
1	the morning	(the sun, rises in, ?)	Where does the sun rise?
0	your problem	(computer, understand, ?)	What do computers understand?
0	No lead mines	?, produced in, Colorado	What is made in Colorado
1	oxygen	sugars, are composed of, ?	What is sugar made of
1	the phonograph	thomas edison, invent, ?	What did thomas edison invent?
0	PLA	?, can't be, recycle	What can't be recycled?
0	other parts	(banana, come from, ?)	Where do bananas come from?
0	everyone	freedom, mean, ?	What does freedom mean?
1	Carrauntoohil	?, mountain in, Ireland	What mountains are in ireland?
0	a variety	hypertension, caused by, ?	What is hypertension caused by?
0	uptake zones	fresh water, come from, ?	Where does fresh water come from?
0	some reason	eyes, are for, ?	What is the function of an eye
1	berries	(?, contains, antioxidants)	What contains antioxidants?
1	sections	music, divided into, ?	What is the musical term for structure
1	Oats	$x: ($x, "type", food) ($x, high in, protein) ($x, high in, fiber)	What foods are high in both protein and fiber?
1	rain	fresh water, come from, ?	Where does fresh water come from?
0	the world	$x: (coffee, is produced in | is grown in | is export from, $x) ($x, is located in, Africa)	What places in Africa produce coffee?
0	two groups	music, divided into, ?	What is the musical term for structure
1	sleep	(?, is necessary for, survival)	What is necessary for survival?
0	the conversion	(insulin, is for, ?)	What is insulin for?
1	Cassius and Brutus	(?, betrayed, Caesar)	Who betrayed Caesar?
1	love	(?, is necessary for, survival)	What is necessary for survival?
1	sight	eyes, are for, ?	What is the function of an eye
0	a number	hypertension, caused by, ?	What is hypertension caused by?
0	style	Chinese new year, starts in, ?	What time of the year is Chinese new year
1	lace	Belgium, is known for, ?	What is Belgium known for?
0	a website	(banana, come from, ?)	Where do bananas come from?
1	balloons and blimps	helium, used for, ?	What was helium used for
1	patients	(insulin, is for, ?)	What is insulin for?
1	coffee	(?, contains, antioxidants)	What contains antioxidants?
1	Beans	(?, contains, antioxidants)	What contains antioxidants?
1	good health	(?, important for, happiness)	What is important for happiness?
1	Brutus	(?, betrayed, Caesar)	Who betrayed Caesar?
0	the teeth	($x, cured by, antibiotics)	What is cured by antibiotics?
1	Vietnam	(banana, come from, ?)	Where do bananas come from?
0	These products	$x: ($x, used for, cooking) ($x, used for, cleaning)	What is used for both cooking and cleaning?
0	This one	$x: ($x, is, an animal) ($x, has, feathers)	What animals have feathers?
1	simple carbohydrates	sugars, are composed of, ?	What is sugar made of
1	antibacterial soap	cilantro, taste like, ?	What does cilantro taste like?
1	India	(?, is, largest country)	What is the largest country?
1	the movie camera	thomas edison, invent, ?	What did thomas edison invent?
1	the heart	physical fitness, good for, ?	What is physical fitness good for?
0	the people	liberty, mean, ?	What does liberty mean?
1	Johann Gutenberg	?, invented, printing press	Who invented the printing press?
1	one part glucose	sucrose, made from, ?	What is sucrose made from?
1	short trips	car, is used for, ?	What are cars used for?
1	Africa	$x: (coffee, is produced in | is grown in | is export from, $x) ($x, is located in, Africa)	What places in Africa produce coffee?
1	The Mandelbrot set	?, is example of | is type of | is kind of | is manifestation of, a fractal	What is an example of a fractal?
1	everyday life	(?, important for, happiness)	What is important for happiness?
0	their computers	(computer, understand, ?)	What do computers understand?
1	Atlantis	Wisconsin, tourist attractions, ?	What are cool places to visit in Wisconsin
0	's Arabica	$x: ($x, is produced in | is grown in, mountains)	What is produced in the mountains?
0	the ecology	bacteria, important for, ?	What are bacteria important for?
0	your name	information | data, consist of | is made of, ?	What is information made of?
1	its top quality schools	denver, is known for, ?	What is Denver known for?
0	both	?, built, pyramids	Who built the pyramids?
1	the freezer	(bell pepper, stored in, ?)	What are bell peppers stored in?
1	humans Humans	(?, predator of, squirrel)	What are predators of squirrels?
0	I’ve	?, study, quantum physics	Who studies quantum physics?
1	its history	new york, is known for, ?	What is New York known for?
0	planets	$x, discovered, neutron star	Who discovered neutron stars?
0	your pond	bacteria, important for, ?	What are bacteria important for?
0	a significant constituent	$x, is byproduct of, fission	What are some byproducts of fission?
1	love	(?, important for, happiness)	What is important for happiness?
1	Cancun	?, is city in, Mexico	What cities are in mexico?
0	the people	?, built, pyramids	Who built the pyramids?
1	coordination	cerebellum, is for, ?	What is the cerebellum for?
0	China	?, first person in, space	Who was the first person in space?
1	Southern Africa	Mozambique, is located in, ?	Where is Mozambique?
1	Fat	$x: ($x, "type", food) ($x, high in, protein) ($x, high in, fiber)	What foods are high in both protein and fiber?
1	Mumbles	(?, develop, Jazz music)	Who developed Jazz music?
0	the method	$x: ($x, used for, cooking) ($x, used for, cleaning)	What is used for both cooking and cleaning?
0	The following items	?, can be, recycle	What can be recycled?
1	animals	cryptozoology, is study of, ?	What is cryptozoology?
1	names	information | data, consist of | is made of, ?	What is information made of?
1	the yeast	carbon dioxide, produced by, ?	What produces carbon dioxide?
0	months	(crocodiles, live for, ?)	How long do crocodiles live?
1	its beaches	$x: (France, is known for, $x) (Spain, is known for, $x)	What are France and Spain both known for?
0	The Russians	?, first person in, space	Who was the first person in space?
1	John Gutenberg	?, invented, printing press	Who invented the printing press?
1	cryogenic processing	helium, used for, ?	What was helium used for
0	Other groups	(?, use, bow and arrow)	Who uses a bow and arrow?
1	its nightlife	new york, is known for, ?	What is New York known for?
1	cave tours	mammoth cave national park, offers, ?	What to do at mammoth cave in Kentucky
1	data	(computer, understand, ?)	What do computers understand?
1	medications	hypertension, caused by, ?	What is hypertension caused by?
0	the tip	(water vapor, come from, ?)	Where does water vapor come from?
1	Namibia	?, is located in, Africa	What is located in africa?
0	Nov 13 , 2006	?, first person in, space	Who was the first person in space?
1	coordination and balance	cerebellum, is for, ?	What is the cerebellum for?
0	the evidence	cryptozoology, is study of, ?	What is cryptozoology?
1	hidden animals	cryptozoology, is study of, ?	What is cryptozoology?
1	the Ivory Coast	$x: (coffee, is produced in | is grown in | is export from, $x) ($x, is located in, Africa)	What places in Africa produce coffee?
1	Germany	$x: ($x, border, France) ($x, "type", country)	What countries border France?
0	this process	?, is example of | is type of | is kind of | is manifestation of, a fractal	What is an example of a fractal?
1	business purposes	car, is used for, ?	What are cars used for?
1	dish soap	cilantro, taste like, ?	What does cilantro taste like?
1	western Africa	Ghana, is a country in, ?	Where is Ghana
1	leak detection	helium, used for, ?	What was helium used for
1	sugar cane or sugar beets	sucrose, made from, ?	What is sucrose made from?
1	Crick and Watson	$x, discovered structure of, DNA	Who discovered the structure of DNA?
0	a narrowing	hypertension, caused by, ?	What is hypertension caused by?
0	one	$x: (coffee, is produced in | is grown in | is export from, $x) ($x, is located in, Africa)	What places in Africa produce coffee?
1	The storm	(?, produce, wind)	What produces wind?
1	water	(?, is necessary for, survival)	What is necessary for survival?
0	his role	denver, is known for, ?	What is Denver known for?
1	ones and zeros	 (computer, understand, ?)	What do computers understand?
0	these regulations	 (computer, understand, ?)	What do computers understand?
0	the consequences	 (computer, understand, ?)	What do computers understand?
0	all this	 (computer, understand, ?)	What do computers understand?
1	the world	 (computer, understand, ?)	What do computers understand?
1	music	 (computer, understand, ?)	What do computers understand?
0	letters	 (computer, understand, ?)	What do computers understand?
1	language	 (computer, understand, ?)	What do computers understand?
0	the impact	 (computer, understand, ?)	What do computers understand?
1	natural language	 (computer, understand, ?)	What do computers understand?
0	their purpose	 (computer, understand, ?)	What do computers understand?
0	my state	 (computer, understand, ?)	What do computers understand?
0	people	 (computer, understand, ?)	What do computers understand?
0	your problem	 (computer, understand, ?)	What do computers understand?
0	all the subtleties	 (computer, understand, ?)	What do computers understand?
1	information	 (computer, understand, ?)	What do computers understand?
0	their computers	 (computer, understand, ?)	What do computers understand?
1	numbers	 (computer, understand, ?)	What do computers understand?
0	the challenges	 (computer, understand, ?)	What do computers understand?
1	your commands	 (computer, understand, ?)	What do computers understand?
1	English	 (computer, understand, ?)	What do computers understand?
0	two digits	 (computer, understand, ?)	What do computers understand?
1	the question	 (computer, understand, ?)	What do computers understand?
1	machine language	 (computer, understand, ?)	What do computers understand?
1	data	 (computer, understand, ?)	What do computers understand?
1	James Dewey Watson	$x, discovered structure of, DNA	Who discovered the structure of DNA?
1	colleague Francis Crick	$x, discovered structure of, DNA	Who discovered the structure of DNA?
0	Biology	$x, discovered structure of, DNA	Who discovered the structure of DNA?
0	the 'other way	$x, discovered structure of, DNA	Who discovered the structure of DNA?
0	the guy	$x, discovered structure of, DNA	Who discovered the structure of DNA?
0	his research partner	$x, discovered structure of, DNA	Who discovered the structure of DNA?
0	their friends	$x, discovered structure of, DNA	Who discovered the structure of DNA?
1	” James Watson	$x, discovered structure of, DNA	Who discovered the structure of DNA?
0	a lecture	$x, discovered structure of, DNA	Who discovered the structure of DNA?
1	*Watson	$x, discovered structure of, DNA	Who discovered the structure of DNA?
1	Dr. James Watson	$x, discovered structure of, DNA	Who discovered the structure of DNA?
1	Watson and Crick	$x, discovered structure of, DNA	Who discovered the structure of DNA?
1	Professor Watson	$x, discovered structure of, DNA	Who discovered the structure of DNA?
0	the two	$x, discovered structure of, DNA	Who discovered the structure of DNA?
1	Watson	$x, discovered structure of, DNA	Who discovered the structure of DNA?
1	Kent	$x: ($x, border, France) ($x, "type", country)	What countries border France?
1	Oscypek	$x: ($x, is produced in | is grown in, mountains)	What is produced in the mountains?
1	Biluochun tea	$x: ($x, is produced in | is grown in, mountains)	What is produced in the mountains?
1	Graycliff Signature Coffee	$x: ($x, is produced in | is grown in, mountains)	What is produced in the mountains?
0	this grain	$x: ($x, is produced in | is grown in, mountains)	What is produced in the mountains?
1	The best Taiwan oolong tea	$x: ($x, is produced in | is grown in, mountains)	What is produced in the mountains?
1	The Gadawm gourd	$x: ($x, is produced in | is grown in, mountains)	What is produced in the mountains?
1	Yellow Mountain Green Tea	$x: ($x, is produced in | is grown in, mountains)	What is produced in the mountains?
1	the Goji berry	$x: ($x, is produced in | is grown in, mountains)	What is produced in the mountains?
0	the great teas	$x: ($x, is produced in | is grown in, mountains)	What is produced in the mountains?
1	Dão wine	$x: ($x, is produced in | is grown in, mountains)	What is produced in the mountains?
1	Lapsang Souchong	$x: ($x, is produced in | is grown in, mountains)	What is produced in the mountains?
1	Comté	$x: ($x, is produced in | is grown in, mountains)	What is produced in the mountains?
0	this coffee type	$x: ($x, is produced in | is grown in, mountains)	What is produced in the mountains?
1	the world’s tea	$x: ($x, is produced in | is grown in, mountains)	What is produced in the mountains?
0	This food staple	$x: ($x, is produced in | is grown in, mountains)	What is produced in the mountains?
0	Family Guy	$x: ($x, is, an animal) ($x, has, feathers)	What animals have feathers?
0	Google	$x: ($x, is, an animal) ($x, has, feathers)	What animals have feathers?
0	America	$x: ($x, is, an animal) ($x, has, feathers)	What animals have feathers?
0	course	$x: ($x, is, an animal) ($x, has, feathers)	What animals have feathers?
0	the heart	$x: ($x, is, an animal) ($x, has, feathers)	What animals have feathers?
0	the Wind	$x: ($x, is, an animal) ($x, has, feathers)	What animals have feathers?
0	the body	$x: ($x, is, an animal) ($x, has, feathers)	What animals have feathers?
0	the female	$x: ($x, is, an animal) ($x, has, feathers)	What animals have feathers?
0	the baby	$x: ($x, is, an animal) ($x, has, feathers)	What animals have feathers?
0	The reason	$x: ($x, is, an animal) ($x, has, feathers)	What animals have feathers?
0	A bear	$x: ($x, is, an animal) ($x, has, feathers)	What animals have feathers?
0	the head	$x: ($x, is, an animal) ($x, has, feathers)	What animals have feathers?
0	A woman	$x: ($x, is, an animal) ($x, has, feathers)	What animals have feathers?
1	Dragon	$x: ($x, is, an animal) ($x, has, feathers)	What animals have feathers?
0	this issue	$x: ($x, is, an animal) ($x, has, feathers)	What animals have feathers?
0	the tools	$x: ($x, used for, cooking) ($x, used for, cleaning)	What is used for both cooking and cleaning?
1	corn	$x: ($x, used for, cooking) ($x, used for, cleaning)	What is used for both cooking and cleaning?
1	distilled water	$x: ($x, used for, cooking) ($x, used for, cleaning)	What is used for both cooking and cleaning?
0	Tables	$x: ($x, used for, cooking) ($x, used for, cleaning)	What is used for both cooking and cleaning?
1	h2o	$x: ($x, used for, cooking) ($x, used for, cleaning)	What is used for both cooking and cleaning?
0	the industry	$x: ($x, used for, cooking) ($x, used for, cleaning)	What is used for both cooking and cleaning?
0	top	$x: ($x, used for, cooking) ($x, used for, cleaning)	What is used for both cooking and cleaning?
0	materials	$x: ($x, used for, cooking) ($x, used for, cleaning)	What is used for both cooking and cleaning?
1	baking soda	$x: ($x, used for, cooking) ($x, used for, cleaning)	What is used for both cooking and cleaning?
0	this plant	$x: ($x, used for, cooking) ($x, used for, cleaning)	What is used for both cooking and cleaning?
0	This knife	$x: ($x, used for, cooking) ($x, used for, cleaning)	What is used for both cooking and cleaning?
0	pigs	$x: ($x, used for, cooking) ($x, used for, cleaning)	What is used for both cooking and cleaning?
0	the item	$x: ($x, used for, cooking) ($x, used for, cleaning)	What is used for both cooking and cleaning?
0	FEATURES	$x: ($x, used for, cooking) ($x, used for, cleaning)	What is used for both cooking and cleaning?
1	muscle and joint pain	($x, cured by, antibiotics)	What is cured by antibiotics?
0	This acne cannot	($x, cured by, antibiotics)	What is cured by antibiotics?
1	Infections	($x, cured by, antibiotics)	What is cured by antibiotics?
0	prickly heat	($x, cured by, antibiotics)	What is cured by antibiotics?
0	cannot	($x, cured by, antibiotics)	What is cured by antibiotics?
1	Strep throat	($x, cured by, antibiotics)	What is cured by antibiotics?
1	a cough	($x, cured by, antibiotics)	What is cured by antibiotics?
1	Most bacterial infections	($x, cured by, antibiotics)	What is cured by antibiotics?
0	the Common Cold Colds cannot	($x, cured by, antibiotics)	What is cured by antibiotics?
0	Contents Gonorrhoea	($x, cured by, antibiotics)	What is cured by antibiotics?
0	young	($x, cured by, antibiotics)	What is cured by antibiotics?
1	Syphilis	($x, cured by, antibiotics)	What is cured by antibiotics?
0	can’t	($x, cured by, antibiotics)	What is cured by antibiotics?
1	chlamydia	($x, cured by, antibiotics)	What is cured by antibiotics?
1	Sinusitis	($x, cured by, antibiotics)	What is cured by antibiotics?
0	all	(?, contains, antioxidants)	What contains antioxidants?
1	a plant	(?, contains, antioxidants)	What contains antioxidants?
0	Each product	(?, contains, antioxidants)	What contains antioxidants?
0	these and many other foods	(?, contains, antioxidants)	What contains antioxidants?
1	Cherries	(?, contains, antioxidants)	What contains antioxidants?
1	grapes	(?, contains, antioxidants)	What contains antioxidants?
1	Honey	(?, contains, antioxidants)	What contains antioxidants?
1	blueberries	(?, contains, antioxidants)	What contains antioxidants?
1	cocoa	(?, contains, antioxidants)	What contains antioxidants?
0	Each formula	(?, contains, antioxidants)	What contains antioxidants?
1	Walnuts	(?, contains, antioxidants)	What contains antioxidants?
1	Rooibos	(?, contains, antioxidants)	What contains antioxidants?
1	Nuts	(?, contains, antioxidants)	What contains antioxidants?
1	Plants	(?, contains, antioxidants)	What contains antioxidants?
1	red wine	(?, contains, antioxidants)	What contains antioxidants?
1	character	(?, important for, happiness)	What is important for happiness?
1	Work or creativity	(?, important for, happiness)	What is important for happiness?
1	human life	(?, important for, happiness)	What is important for happiness?
1	Noise levels	(?, important for, happiness)	What is important for happiness?
1	management and maintenance	(?, important for, happiness)	What is important for happiness?
1	wealth	(?, important for, happiness)	What is important for happiness?
1	Social ties	(?, important for, happiness)	What is important for happiness?
0	your puppy	(?, important for, happiness)	What is important for happiness?
1	Personal relationships	(?, important for, happiness)	What is important for happiness?
1	work	(?, important for, happiness)	What is important for happiness?
1	Hangouts	(?, important for, happiness)	What is important for happiness?
0	a critical factor	(?, important for, happiness)	What is important for happiness?
1	rituals	(?, important for, happiness)	What is important for happiness?
1	belongingness	(?, important for, happiness)	What is important for happiness?
1	sex	(?, important for, happiness)	What is important for happiness?
1	information	(?, is necessary for, survival)	What is necessary for survival?
1	work	(?, is necessary for, survival)	What is necessary for survival?
1	Fat	(?, is necessary for, survival)	What is necessary for survival?
1	bread	(?, is necessary for, survival)	What is necessary for survival?
1	the environment	(?, is necessary for, survival)	What is necessary for survival?
0	body	(?, is necessary for, survival)	What is necessary for survival?
1	new blood vessels	(?, is necessary for, survival)	What is necessary for survival?
1	Strength	(?, is necessary for, survival)	What is necessary for survival?
0	capacity	(?, is necessary for, survival)	What is necessary for survival?
0	one	(?, is necessary for, survival)	What is necessary for survival?
0	only what	(?, is necessary for, survival)	What is necessary for survival?
1	money	(?, is necessary for, survival)	What is necessary for survival?
0	the language	(?, is necessary for, survival)	What is necessary for survival?
0	more	(?, is necessary for, survival)	What is necessary for survival?
1	Oxygen	(?, is necessary for, survival)	What is necessary for survival?
0	Their	(?, produce, wind)	What produces wind?
0	the United States	(?, produce, wind)	What produces wind?
1	the ocean	(?, produce, wind)	What produces wind?
1	the waves	(?, produce, wind)	What produces wind?
0	our Outer Continental Shelf	(?, produce, wind)	What produces wind?
0	David Hentschel	(?, produce, wind)	What produces wind?
0	mass	(?, produce, wind)	What produces wind?
0	hydrogen	(?, produce, wind)	What produces wind?
0	Don't Ignore Me	(?, produce, wind)	What produces wind?
1	the Columbus Day Storm	(?, produce, wind)	What produces wind?
0	our power	(?, produce, wind)	What produces wind?
0	brands	(?, produce, wind)	What produces wind?
0	Tsui Ling Toomer	(?, produce, wind)	What produces wind?
1	a thunderstorm	(?, produce, wind)	What produces wind?
0	30 percent	(?, produce, wind)	What produces wind?
1	the Woodland Indians	(?, use, bow and arrow)	Who uses a bow and arrow?
0	Both sides	(?, use, bow and arrow)	Who uses a bow and arrow?
1	Wilhelm	(?, use, bow and arrow)	Who uses a bow and arrow?
0	taller and straighter	(?, use, bow and arrow)	Who uses a bow and arrow?
1	Roy	(?, use, bow and arrow)	Who uses a bow and arrow?
1	archery	(?, use, bow and arrow)	Who uses a bow and arrow?
1	Link	(?, use, bow and arrow)	Who uses a bow and arrow?
1	The Ainu	(?, use, bow and arrow)	Who uses a bow and arrow?
1	hunter and gatherers	(?, use, bow and arrow)	Who uses a bow and arrow?
1	the Khoikhoi	(?, use, bow and arrow)	Who uses a bow and arrow?
0	adults	(?, use, bow and arrow)	Who uses a bow and arrow?
0	This culture	(?, use, bow and arrow)	Who uses a bow and arrow?
1	Archer	(?, use, bow and arrow)	Who uses a bow and arrow?
1	Dayna	(?, use, bow and arrow)	Who uses a bow and arrow?
1	archers	(?, use, bow and arrow)	Who uses a bow and arrow?
1	Spain	(NASA, located in, ?)	Where is NASA located?
0	the Southern skies	(NASA, located in, ?)	Where is NASA located?
0	the desert right	(NASA, located in, ?)	Where is NASA located?
0	his home	(banana, come from, ?)	Where do bananas come from?
0	the past	(banana, come from, ?)	Where do bananas come from?
0	pure bananas	(banana, come from, ?)	Where do bananas come from?
0	whilst	(banana, come from, ?)	Where do bananas come from?
1	organic farms	(banana, come from, ?)	Where do bananas come from?
0	a long line	(banana, come from, ?)	Where do bananas come from?
0	Central	(banana, come from, ?)	Where do bananas come from?
0	remnants	(banana, come from, ?)	Where do bananas come from?
1	the Canary Islands	(banana, come from, ?)	Where do bananas come from?
0	the chemical amyl acetate	(banana, come from, ?)	Where do bananas come from?
1	Honduras	(banana, come from, ?)	Where do bananas come from?
0	banana oil	(banana, come from, ?)	Where do bananas come from?
1	Europe	(banana, come from, ?)	Where do bananas come from?
1	plantations	(banana, come from, ?)	Where do bananas come from?
0	the irrigation canals	(banana, come from, ?)	Where do bananas come from?
1	type 2 diabetes	(insulin, is for, ?)	What is insulin for?
1	glucose	(insulin, is for, ?)	What is insulin for?
0	type	(insulin, is for, ?)	What is insulin for?
0	the transport	(insulin, is for, ?)	What is insulin for?
1	sugar	(insulin, is for, ?)	What is insulin for?
0	the uptake	(insulin, is for, ?)	What is insulin for?
0	women	(insulin, is for, ?)	What is insulin for?
1	treatment	(insulin, is for, ?)	What is insulin for?
0	the development	(insulin, is for, ?)	What is insulin for?
0	their metabolism	(insulin, is for, ?)	What is insulin for?
1	fat storage	(insulin, is for, ?)	What is insulin for?
0	each	(insulin, is for, ?)	What is insulin for?
0	many people	(insulin, is for, ?)	What is insulin for?
0	life	(insulin, is for, ?)	What is insulin for?
0	each patient	(insulin, is for, ?)	What is insulin for?
0	her eyes	(the sun, rises in, ?)	Where does the sun rise?
1	the blue sky	(the sun, rises in, ?)	Where does the sun rise?
1	the east ,	(the sun, rises in, ?)	Where does the sun rise?
0	its glory	(the sun, rises in, ?)	Where does the sun rise?
0	the mornings	(the sun, rises in, ?)	Where does the sun rise?
0	my heart	(the sun, rises in, ?)	Where does the sun rise?
0	the constellation	(the sun, rises in, ?)	Where does the sun rise?
0	the night	(the sun, rises in, ?)	Where does the sun rise?
1	America	(the sun, rises in, ?)	Where does the sun rise?
0	the middle	(the sun, rises in, ?)	Where does the sun rise?
1	the southeast	(the sun, rises in, ?)	Where does the sun rise?
1	San Francisco	(the sun, rises in, ?)	Where does the sun rise?
0	all its splendor	(the sun, rises in, ?)	Where does the sun rise?
0	a few hours	(the sun, rises in, ?)	Where does the sun rise?
0	summer	(the sun, rises in, ?)	Where does the sun rise?
1	Jawaharlal Nehru	?, became the first prime minister of, india	Who is the india first prim minister
1	Nehru	?, became the first prime minister of, india	Who is the india first prim minister
0	These Mayans	?, built, pyramids	Who built the pyramids?
0	Mars	?, built, pyramids	Who built the pyramids?
1	the Nubians	?, built, pyramids	Who built the pyramids?
0	their ancestors	?, built, pyramids	Who built the pyramids?
1	the Kushites	?, built, pyramids	Who built the pyramids?
0	his son	?, built, pyramids	Who built the pyramids?
1	The Mayan culture	?, built, pyramids	Who built the pyramids?
0	the world	?, built, pyramids	Who built the pyramids?
0	Its peoples	?, built, pyramids	Who built the pyramids?
1	Snofru	?, built, pyramids	Who built the pyramids?
1	Khufu	?, built, pyramids	Who built the pyramids?
0	the same people	?, built, pyramids	Who built the pyramids?
1	Cheops	?, built, pyramids	Who built the pyramids?
0	workers	?, built, pyramids	Who built the pyramids?
1	Egypt	?, built, pyramids	Who built the pyramids?
1	The packaging	?, can be, recycle	What can be recycled?
1	the bag	?, can be, recycle	What can be recycled?
0	the material	?, can be, recycle	What can be recycled?
1	shopping bags	?, can be, recycle	What can be recycled?
0	fast food places	?, can be, recycle	What can be recycled?
1	cardboard	?, can be, recycle	What can be recycled?
0	scale	?, can be, recycle	What can be recycled?
1	Aluminum cans	?, can be, recycle	What can be recycled?
0	all files	?, can be, recycle	What can be recycled?
1	The cushions	?, can be, recycle	What can be recycled?
1	soaps	?, can be, recycle	What can be recycled?
1	Some plastics	?, can be, recycle	What can be recycled?
0	different materials	?, can be, recycle	What can be recycled?
1	cleansers	?, can be, recycle	What can be recycled?
0	the machine	?, can be, recycle	What can be recycled?
1	Yuri Gagarin	?, first person in, space	Who was the first person in space?
0	the Vostok 1 craft	?, first person in, space	Who was the first person in space?
0	Not	?, invented, printing press	Who invented the printing press?
0	copyright	?, invented, printing press	Who invented the printing press?
0	the guy	?, invented, printing press	Who invented the printing press?
0	Renaissance man	?, invented, printing press	Who invented the printing press?
0	a German , Gutenberg ,	?, invented, printing press	Who invented the printing press?
0	Individuality	?, invented, printing press	Who invented the printing press?
1	Johannes Guttenberg	?, invented, printing press	Who invented the printing press?
1	Europeans	?, invented, printing press	Who invented the printing press?
1	1436 Johannes Gutenberg	?, invented, printing press	Who invented the printing press?
0	Second	?, invented, printing press	Who invented the printing press?
0	literacy	?, invented, printing press	Who invented the printing press?
0	press	?, invented, printing press	Who invented the printing press?
1	Germany	?, invented, printing press	Who invented the printing press?
1	Mainz	?, invented, printing press	Who invented the printing press?
0	the Church	?, invented, printing press	Who invented the printing press?
1	Sante Fe	?, is city in, Mexico	What cities are in mexico?
1	New Mexico Albuquerque	?, is city in, Mexico	What cities are in mexico?
0	545,842 citizens	?, is city in, Mexico	What cities are in mexico?
1	Puebla	?, is city in, Mexico	What cities are in mexico?
1	private Albuquerque	?, is city in, Mexico	What cities are in mexico?
1	mexico Cancun	?, is city in, Mexico	What cities are in mexico?
1	Puerto Vallarta	?, is city in, Mexico	What cities are in mexico?
1	Albuquerque Albuquerque	?, is city in, Mexico	What cities are in mexico?
1	Rio Rancho	?, is city in, Mexico	What cities are in mexico?
1	Country Clubs Tijuana	?, is city in, Mexico	What cities are in mexico?
1	Leon	?, is city in, Mexico	What cities are in mexico?
1	Repo Home Albuquerque	?, is city in, Mexico	What cities are in mexico?
1	Roswell	?, is city in, Mexico	What cities are in mexico?
1	Ciudad Juárez	?, is city in, Mexico	What cities are in mexico?
1	Mexico City	?, is city in, Mexico	What cities are in mexico?
0	I’m sure	?, is found in, Arctic	What is found in the Arctic?
0	1°C/decade	?, is found in, Arctic	What is found in the Arctic?
0	our best evidence	?, is found in, Arctic	What is found in the Arctic?
0	's disease brain	?, is found in, Arctic	What is found in the Arctic?
1	Bowheads Balaena mysticetus	?, is found in, Arctic	What is found in the Arctic?
1	The richest plant growth	?, is found in, Arctic	What is found in the Arctic?
1	The beautiful white beluga whale	?, is found in, Arctic	What is found in the Arctic?
0	a delicacy	?, is found in, Arctic	What is found in the Arctic?
0	A man	?, is found in, Arctic	What is found in the Arctic?
1	Snowshoe hare virus	?, is found in, Arctic	What is found in the Arctic?
0	ship	?, is found in, Arctic	What is found in the Arctic?
1	The Polar bear	?, is found in, Arctic	What is found in the Arctic?
1	The magnetic pole	?, is found in, Arctic	What is found in the Arctic?
1	The Snowy Owl	?, is found in, Arctic	What is found in the Arctic?
1	The white whale	?, is found in, Arctic	What is found in the Arctic?
1	the furnace	?, melts, metal	What melts metal?
1	Techni-Cast	?, melts, metal	What melts metal?
0	most elements	?, melts, metal	What melts metal?
1	an electric arc	?, melts, metal	What melts metal?
0	the full symbol	?, melts, metal	What melts metal?
1	the plasma arc	?, melts, metal	What melts metal?
0	Strong Fire	?, melts, metal	What melts metal?
0	the gray paint	?, melts, metal	What melts metal?
1	a laser	?, melts, metal	What melts metal?
0	tungsten	?, melts, metal	What melts metal?
0	the material-it	?, melts, metal	What melts metal?
1	non consumable tungsten electrodes	?, melts, metal	What melts metal?
1	the tungsten electrode	?, melts, metal	What melts metal?
0	plastics	?, melts, metal	What melts metal?
0	“One Day Remains ”	?, melts, metal	What melts metal?
0	No zinc	?, produced in, colorado	What is made in Colorado
0	No lead mines	?, produced in, colorado	What is made in Colorado
0	's drug	?, produced in, colorado	What is made in Colorado
1	The Changers Maroshi solar panel	?, produced in, colorado	What is made in Colorado
0	Redfield	?, produced in, colorado	What is made in Colorado
1	Wind power	?, produced in, colorado	What is made in Colorado
1	The first commercial crop	?, produced in, colorado	What is made in Colorado
0	the way art	?, produced in, colorado	What is made in Colorado
0	80 barrels	?, produced in, colorado	What is made in Colorado
1	Colorado Coal Quality Coal	?, produced in, colorado	What is made in Colorado
0	coal	?, produced in, colorado	What is made in Colorado
0	The RL series	?, produced in, colorado	What is made in Colorado
0	solar	?, produced in, colorado	What is made in Colorado
0	Parker	?, produced in, colorado	What is made in Colorado
0	Larry	?, produced in, colorado	What is made in Colorado
0	crop residues	?, produced in, colorado	What is made in Colorado
0	The Marmot Speaks	?, produced in, colorado	What is made in Colorado
0	greater use	?, produced in, colorado	What is made in Colorado
1	Thunderstorms	?, produced in, colorado	What is made in Colorado
0	ultracold atoms	?, study, quantum physics	Who studies quantum physics?
1	Alan	?, study, quantum physics	Who studies quantum physics?
0	scientists	?, study, quantum physics	Who studies quantum physics?
1	Kelly	?, study, quantum physics	Who studies quantum physics?
0	its large divisions	Belgium, is known for, ?	What is Belgium known for?
0	one	Belgium, is known for, ?	What is Belgium known for?
1	its fashion industry	Belgium, is known for, ?	What is Belgium known for?
1	its wonderful gourmet cuisine	Belgium, is known for, ?	What is Belgium known for?
0	brewing lots	Belgium, is known for, ?	What is Belgium known for?
1	its rich culture	Belgium, is known for, ?	What is Belgium known for?
1	chocolate	Belgium, is known for, ?	What is Belgium known for?
0	two exports	Belgium, is known for, ?	What is Belgium known for?
0	its Chocolate and so	Belgium, is known for, ?	What is Belgium known for?
0	their complex trappist beers	Belgium, is known for, ?	What is Belgium known for?
1	chocolates	Belgium, is known for, ?	What is Belgium known for?
1	its super friendly people	Belgium, is known for, ?	What is Belgium known for?
1	dirty water	Belgium, is known for, ?	What is Belgium known for?
0	its good quality	Belgium, is known for, ?	What is Belgium known for?
1	its ales	Belgium, is known for, ?	What is Belgium known for?
0	the small incision	a small video camera, is, ?	What exactly is a small video camera
0	the colonoscope	a small video camera, is, ?	What exactly is a small video camera
0	the category	a small video camera, is, ?	What exactly is a small video camera
0	the rear license plate	a small video camera, is, ?	What exactly is a small video camera
0	development	a small video camera, is, ?	What exactly is a small video camera
0	the procedure	a small video camera, is, ?	What exactly is a small video camera
0	the end	a small video camera, is, ?	What exactly is a small video camera
0	top	a small video camera, is, ?	What exactly is a small video camera
0	the hospital , call IMMEDIATELY if	babies, come from, ?	Where do babies come from?
1	Milt Gross	babies, come from, ?	Where do babies come from?
1	ladies	babies, come from, ?	Where do babies come from?
1	Scott	babies, come from, ?	Where do babies come from?
0	the hospital ” type	babies, come from, ?	Where do babies come from?
0	the cover	babies, come from, ?	Where do babies come from?
1	sex	babies, come from, ?	Where do babies come from?
0	my great co-workers	babies, come from, ?	Where do babies come from?
0	these days	babies, come from, ?	Where do babies come from?
0	” talk	babies, come from, ?	Where do babies come from?
0	Oregon	babies, come from, ?	Where do babies come from?
0	the NICU	babies, come from, ?	Where do babies come from?
0	the NICU.	babies, come from, ?	Where do babies come from?
0	the names	babies, come from, ?	Where do babies come from?
0	the whole way home	babies, come from, ?	Where do babies come from?
0	the conversion	bacteria, important for, ?	What are bacteria important for?
0	selection	bacteria, important for, ?	What are bacteria important for?
0	the production and absorption	bacteria, important for, ?	What are bacteria important for?
0	children	bacteria, important for, ?	What are bacteria important for?
1	fighting infection	bacteria, important for, ?	What are bacteria important for?
0	anyone	bacteria, important for, ?	What are bacteria important for?
0	the home treatment	bacteria, important for, ?	What are bacteria important for?
1	healthy digestion	bacteria, important for, ?	What are bacteria important for?
1	healthy aquatic life	bacteria, important for, ?	What are bacteria important for?
1	corals	bacteria, important for, ?	What are bacteria important for?
0	proper function	bacteria, important for, ?	What are bacteria important for?
0	the colonisation	bacteria, important for, ?	What are bacteria important for?
1	digestive health	bacteria, important for, ?	What are bacteria important for?
0	women	bacteria, important for, ?	What are bacteria important for?
0	many reasons	bacteria, important for, ?	What are bacteria important for?
0	amplifying the sound	car, is used for, ?	What are cars used for?
0	each and	car, is used for, ?	What are cars used for?
0	wedding cakes	car, is used for, ?	What are cars used for?
1	transport	car, is used for, ?	What are cars used for?
1	employee convenience	car, is used for, ?	What are cars used for?
0	years	car, is used for, ?	What are cars used for?
0	compact cars	car, is used for, ?	What are cars used for?
0	the area	car, is used for, ?	What are cars used for?
1	Transportation	car, is used for, ?	What are cars used for?
0	the street	car, is used for, ?	What are cars used for?
1	both business and pleasure	car, is used for, ?	What are cars used for?
0	storage purposes	car, is used for, ?	What are cars used for?
0	water and oil pumps	car, is used for, ?	What are cars used for?
0	car owners	car, is used for, ?	What are cars used for?
0	the haulage	car, is used for, ?	What are cars used for?
1	gas boilers	carbon dioxide, produced by, ?	What produces carbon dioxide?
1	the fermentation	carbon dioxide, produced by, ?	What produces carbon dioxide?
1	patio heaters	carbon dioxide, produced by, ?	What produces carbon dioxide?
0	these activities	carbon dioxide, produced by, ?	What produces carbon dioxide?
1	stomach acid	carbon dioxide, produced by, ?	What produces carbon dioxide?
0	your flight	carbon dioxide, produced by, ?	What produces carbon dioxide?
0	machines	carbon dioxide, produced by, ?	What produces carbon dioxide?
1	your home energy use	carbon dioxide, produced by, ?	What produces carbon dioxide?
1	colon bacteria	carbon dioxide, produced by, ?	What produces carbon dioxide?
1	muscular activity	carbon dioxide, produced by, ?	What produces carbon dioxide?
1	fossil fuels	carbon dioxide, produced by, ?	What produces carbon dioxide?
0	reaction	carbon dioxide, produced by, ?	What produces carbon dioxide?
1	coal-burning power plants	carbon dioxide, produced by, ?	What produces carbon dioxide?
0	fuel	carbon dioxide, produced by, ?	What produces carbon dioxide?
1	body tissues	carbon dioxide, produced by, ?	What produces carbon dioxide?
1	motor coordination	cerebellum, is for, ?	What is the cerebellum for?
0	those interested	cerebellum, is for, ?	What is the cerebellum for?
0	these forms	cerebellum, is for, ?	What is the cerebellum for?
0	use	cerebellum, is for, ?	What is the cerebellum for?
0	the maintenance	cerebellum, is for, ?	What is the cerebellum for?
1	sensory perception	cerebellum, is for, ?	What is the cerebellum for?
0	‘mind ’	cerebellum, is for, ?	What is the cerebellum for?
0	several types	cerebellum, is for, ?	What is the cerebellum for?
1	procedural memory	cerebellum, is for, ?	What is the cerebellum for?
0	some functions	cerebellum, is for, ?	What is the cerebellum for?
0	its function	cerebellum, is for, ?	What is the cerebellum for?
1	motor skill acquisition	cerebellum, is for, ?	What is the cerebellum for?
1	trance states	cerebellum, is for, ?	What is the cerebellum for?
1	coordinated motor activities	cerebellum, is for, ?	What is the cerebellum for?
1	balance and coordination	cerebellum, is for, ?	What is the cerebellum for?
1	ancient China	chinese new year, starts in, ?	What time of the year is Chinese new year
0	style	chinese new year, starts in, ?	What time of the year is Chinese new year
1	January or February	chinese new year, starts in, ?	What time of the year is Chinese new year
0	a single year’s harvest	chocolate, is made from, ?	What is chocolate made from?
0	dark , bitter chocolate	chocolate, is made from, ?	What is chocolate made from?
0	whole chocolate	chocolate, is made from, ?	What is chocolate made from?
0	the finest ingredients	chocolate, is made from, ?	What is chocolate made from?
0	the bean	chocolate, is made from, ?	What is chocolate made from?
1	deodorized cocoa butter	chocolate, is made from, ?	What is chocolate made from?
1	the finest quality cacao	chocolate, is made from, ?	What is chocolate made from?
0	gourmet French dark chocolate	chocolate, is made from, ?	What is chocolate made from?
0	the simplest	chocolate, is made from, ?	What is chocolate made from?
1	the roasted seeds	chocolate, is made from, ?	What is chocolate made from?
1	the T. cacao beans	chocolate, is made from, ?	What is chocolate made from?
0	two ingredients	chocolate, is made from, ?	What is chocolate made from?
0	a mixture	chocolate, is made from, ?	What is chocolate made from?
1	roasted cocoa beans	chocolate, is made from, ?	What is chocolate made from?
1	porcelain-looking white cocoa	chocolate, is made from, ?	What is chocolate made from?
1	Coors Light	colorado, beers from here, ?	What is made in Colorado
1	cryptids	cryptozoology, is study of, ?	What is cryptozoology?
1	unverified animals	cryptozoology, is study of, ?	What is cryptozoology?
1	unknown species	cryptozoology, is study of, ?	What is cryptozoology?
1	the individual	education, is good for, ?	What are the benefits of education
1	democracy	education, is good for, ?	What are the benefits of education
0	this field	education, is good for, ?	What are the benefits of education
1	lifetime earnings	education, is good for, ?	What are the benefits of education
1	kids	education, is good for, ?	What are the benefits of education
0	a number	education, is good for, ?	What are the benefits of education
0	the money	education, is good for, ?	What are the benefits of education
0	the planet	education, is good for, ?	What are the benefits of education
1	the economy	education, is good for, ?	What are the benefits of education
1	society	education, is good for, ?	What are the benefits of education
0	parents	education, is good for, ?	What are the benefits of education
0	a man	education, is good for, ?	What are the benefits of education
0	public schools	education, is good for, ?	What are the benefits of education
1	career building	education, is good for, ?	What are the benefits of education
0	women	education, is good for, ?	What are the benefits of education
0	your stomach	eyes, are for, ?	What is the function of an eye
0	the eyes	eyes, are for, ?	What is the function of an eye
0	the size	eyes, are for, ?	What is the function of an eye
0	my age	eyes, are for, ?	What is the function of an eye
0	real	eyes, are for, ?	What is the function of an eye
0	her head	eyes, are for, ?	What is the function of an eye
0	all	eyes, are for, ?	What is the function of an eye
0	a soul	eyes, are for, ?	What is the function of an eye
0	kids	eyes, are for, ?	What is the function of an eye
0	a treat	eyes, are for, ?	What is the function of an eye
0	hunting	eyes, are for, ?	What is the function of an eye
0	sale	eyes, are for, ?	What is the function of an eye
0	inspiration	eyes, are for, ?	What is the function of an eye
1	tears	eyes, are for, ?	What is the function of an eye
0	the ability	eyes, are for, ?	What is the function of an eye
0	women	freedom, mean, ?	What does freedom mean?
1	rights	freedom, mean, ?	What does freedom mean?
0	fear	freedom, mean, ?	What does freedom mean?
0	a business	freedom, mean, ?	What does freedom mean?
0	want	freedom, mean, ?	What does freedom mean?
0	individuals	freedom, mean, ?	What does freedom mean?
0	absence	freedom, mean, ?	What does freedom mean?
0	coercion	freedom, mean, ?	What does freedom mean?
0	a man	freedom, mean, ?	What does freedom mean?
0	land	freedom, mean, ?	What does freedom mean?
0	many people	freedom, mean, ?	What does freedom mean?
0	the rules	freedom, mean, ?	What does freedom mean?
0	war	freedom, mean, ?	What does freedom mean?
0	the past	freedom, mean, ?	What does freedom mean?
0	mistakes	freedom, mean, ?	What does freedom mean?
1	springs	fresh water, come from, ?	Where does fresh water come from?
1	forest-covered mountains	fresh water, come from, ?	Where does fresh water come from?
1	solar-powered desalination plants	fresh water, come from, ?	Where does fresh water come from?
1	boreholes	fresh water, come from, ?	Where does fresh water come from?
1	glacier meltwater	fresh water, come from, ?	Where does fresh water come from?
1	forested watersheds	fresh water, come from, ?	Where does fresh water come from?
1	the mountains	fresh water, come from, ?	Where does fresh water come from?
1	glaciers	fresh water, come from, ?	Where does fresh water come from?
1	water aquifers	fresh water, come from, ?	Where does fresh water come from?
1	a stream	fresh water, come from, ?	Where does fresh water come from?
0	3 rivers	fresh water, come from, ?	Where does fresh water come from?
1	Arizona	fresh water, come from, ?	Where does fresh water come from?
1	the Colorado River	fresh water, come from, ?	Where does fresh water come from?
0	large factories and corporations	fresh water, come from, ?	Where does fresh water come from?
0	surface water	fresh water, come from, ?	Where does fresh water come from?
0	detection	helium, used for, ?	What was helium used for
0	aluminum	helium, used for, ?	What was helium used for
0	special color effects	helium, used for, ?	What was helium used for
0	Stainless Steels	helium, used for, ?	What was helium used for
0	a wide variety	helium, used for, ?	What was helium used for
0	many purposes	helium, used for, ?	What was helium used for
1	weather recording	helium, used for, ?	What was helium used for
1	leak testing	helium, used for, ?	What was helium used for
1	heat transfer	helium, used for, ?	What was helium used for
1	GMAW welding	helium, used for, ?	What was helium used for
0	landing	helium, used for, ?	What was helium used for
0	our follow	helium, used for, ?	What was helium used for
1	deep diving	helium, used for, ?	What was helium used for
0	offsite optimization	helium, used for, ?	What was helium used for
0	inspection	helium, used for, ?	What was helium used for
0	any number	hypertension, caused by, ?	What is hypertension caused by?
1	kidney abnormalities	hypertension, caused by, ?	What is hypertension caused by?
1	atherosclerosis	hypertension, caused by, ?	What is hypertension caused by?
0	another specific condition	hypertension, caused by, ?	What is hypertension caused by?
1	patient noncompliance	hypertension, caused by, ?	What is hypertension caused by?
1	an infection	hypertension, caused by, ?	What is hypertension caused by?
1	kidney disease	hypertension, caused by, ?	What is hypertension caused by?
1	a heart dysfunction	hypertension, caused by, ?	What is hypertension caused by?
0	the strain	hypertension, caused by, ?	What is hypertension caused by?
0	OSA	hypertension, caused by, ?	What is hypertension caused by?
0	a disease	hypertension, caused by, ?	What is hypertension caused by?
0	any	hypertension, caused by, ?	What is hypertension caused by?
1	vascular disease	hypertension, caused by, ?	What is hypertension caused by?
0	an increased resistance	hypertension, caused by, ?	What is hypertension caused by?
0	pants	hypertension, caused by, ?	What is hypertension caused by?
0	the website inaccessible	image map, is, ?	What is an image map
0	20c4 Recent Search	image map, is, ?	What is an image map
0	the image	image map, is, ?	What is an image map
0	the copyright	image map, is, ?	What is an image map
0	the Commonwealth	image map, is, ?	What is an image map
0	the graphic display	image map, is, ?	What is an image map
0	startling , provocative and BEAUTIFUL.	image map, is, ?	What is an image map
0	your HTML file	image map, is, ?	What is an image map
0	a browser window	image map, is, ?	What is an image map
0	people	image map, is, ?	What is an image map
0	some tool	image map, is, ?	What is an image map
0	the section	image map, is, ?	What is an image map
0	one	image map, is, ?	What is an image map
0	two purposes	image map, is, ?	What is an image map
0	visual navigation maps	image map, is, ?	What is an image map
1	bits	information | data, consist of | is made of, ?	What is information made of?
0	details	information | data, consist of | is made of, ?	What is information made of?
0	two parts	information | data, consist of | is made of, ?	What is information made of?
0	your	information | data, consist of | is made of, ?	What is information made of?
0	a set	information | data, consist of | is made of, ?	What is information made of?
0	a series	information | data, consist of | is made of, ?	What is information made of?
1	text	information | data, consist of | is made of, ?	What is information made of?
0	more	information | data, consist of | is made of, ?	What is information made of?
1	images	information | data, consist of | is made of, ?	What is information made of?
1	the numbers	information | data, consist of | is made of, ?	What is information made of?
0	women	information | data, consist of | is made of, ?	What is information made of?
0	a collection	information | data, consist of | is made of, ?	What is information made of?
0	a time series	information | data, consist of | is made of, ?	What is information made of?
1	facts	information | data, consist of | is made of, ?	What is information made of?
0	the student	information | data, consist of | is made of, ?	What is information made of?
1	Confidence	liberty, mean, ?	What does liberty mean?
0	secular liberal democracy	liberty, mean, ?	What does liberty mean?
0	license	liberty, mean, ?	What does liberty mean?
0	Americans anymore	liberty, mean, ?	What does liberty mean?
0	detention or imprisonment	liberty, mean, ?	What does liberty mean?
1	self-reliance	liberty, mean, ?	What does liberty mean?
0	your hands	liberty, mean, ?	What does liberty mean?
0	our eternal happiness or loss	liberty, mean, ?	What does liberty mean?
0	women	liberty, mean, ?	What does liberty mean?
1	luxury	liberty, mean, ?	What does liberty mean?
0	government punishment	liberty, mean, ?	What does liberty mean?
0	gov't intrusion and freedom	liberty, mean, ?	What does liberty mean?
0	an end	liberty, mean, ?	What does liberty mean?
0	the Gospel	liberty, mean, ?	What does liberty mean?
1	the law	liberty, mean, ?	What does liberty mean?
1	bars	music, divided into, ?	What is the musical term for structure
0	three different developmental levels	music, divided into, ?	What is the musical term for structure
1	genres and subgenres	music, divided into, ?	What is the musical term for structure
1	categories	music, divided into, ?	What is the musical term for structure
1	different genres	music, divided into, ?	What is the musical term for structure
0	two kinds	music, divided into, ?	What is the musical term for structure
1	several branches	music, divided into, ?	What is the musical term for structure
0	three periods	music, divided into, ?	What is the musical term for structure
0	movie genres	music, divided into, ?	What is the musical term for structure
1	genres and sub-genres	music, divided into, ?	What is the musical term for structure
0	two classes	music, divided into, ?	What is the musical term for structure
1	phrases	music, divided into, ?	What is the musical term for structure
0	2 traditions	music, divided into, ?	What is the musical term for structure
0	parts	music, divided into, ?	What is the musical term for structure
0	three types	music, divided into, ?	What is the musical term for structure
0	calls	new york, is known for, ?	What is New York known for?
1	its black-and-white cookies	new york, is known for, ?	What is New York known for?
0	its wide variety	new york, is known for, ?	What is New York known for?
1	unparalleled performances	new york, is known for, ?	What is New York known for?
1	Biedermeier	new york, is known for, ?	What is New York known for?
1	the refreshing style	new york, is known for, ?	What is New York known for?
1	its low fares	new york, is known for, ?	What is New York known for?
1	its hard news coverage	new york, is known for, ?	What is New York known for?
0	his role	new york, is known for, ?	What is New York known for?
1	its tertiary sector	new york, is known for, ?	What is New York known for?
1	its terrific eats	new york, is known for, ?	What is New York known for?
0	his stand-up comedy	new york, is known for, ?	What is New York known for?
0	his provocative opinions	new york, is known for, ?	What is New York known for?
1	business and commerce	new york, is known for, ?	What is New York known for?
0	his floppy sculptures	new york, is known for, ?	What is New York known for?
0	my snails	salamanders, eat, ?	What does salamander eat
1	small vertebrates	salamanders, eat, ?	What does salamander eat
1	carrion	salamanders, eat, ?	What does salamander eat
1	crickets	salamanders, eat, ?	What does salamander eat
0	fire and chillis	salamanders, eat, ?	What does salamander eat
1	small aquatic life	salamanders, eat, ?	What does salamander eat
1	small insects and crustaceans	salamanders, eat, ?	What does salamander eat
0	? kevin bacon	salamanders, eat, ?	What does salamander eat
0	slow-moving , soft-bodied creatures	salamanders, eat, ?	What does salamander eat
1	crayfish	salamanders, eat, ?	What does salamander eat
1	earthworms	salamanders, eat, ?	What does salamander eat
1	isopods	salamanders, eat, ?	What does salamander eat
1	live prey	salamanders, eat, ?	What does salamander eat
0	20 %	sodium, loses, ?	How many electrons does sodium want to lose
0	points	sodium, loses, ?	How many electrons does sodium want to lose
0	its strength	sodium, loses, ?	How many electrons does sodium want to lose
0	some water	sodium, loses, ?	How many electrons does sodium want to lose
0	the salt	sodium, loses, ?	How many electrons does sodium want to lose
0	focus	sodium, loses, ?	How many electrons does sodium want to lose
0	more calcium	sodium, loses, ?	How many electrons does sodium want to lose
1	the incandescent electric lamp	thomas edison, invent, ?	What did thomas edison invent?
0	an improved version	thomas edison, invent, ?	What did thomas edison invent?
1	the Perfected Phonograph	thomas edison, invent, ?	What did thomas edison invent?
0	the light	thomas edison, invent, ?	What did thomas edison invent?
0	the principle	thomas edison, invent, ?	What did thomas edison invent?
1	an X-ray fluoroscope	thomas edison, invent, ?	What did thomas edison invent?
1	the incandescent bulb	thomas edison, invent, ?	What did thomas edison invent?
0	the heat-resistant	thomas edison, invent, ?	What did thomas edison invent?
1	the first incandescent light bulb	thomas edison, invent, ?	What did thomas edison invent?
0	1877	thomas edison, invent, ?	What did thomas edison invent?
1	the incandescent light	thomas edison, invent, ?	What did thomas edison invent?
1	Carbon microphone	thomas edison, invent, ?	What did thomas edison invent?
1	the alkaline storage battery	thomas edison, invent, ?	What did thomas edison invent?
1	the carbon light bulb filament	thomas edison, invent, ?	What did thomas edison invent?
1	bulb	thomas edison, invent, ?	What did thomas edison invent?
