How many wagons are in a wagon train	wagon train, made up of, ?
How old is mercer mayer	mercer mayer, born in, ?
How old is mercer mayer	mercer mayer, date of birth, ?
Where a pet rabbit lives	pet rabbits, live in, ?
What does salamander eat	salamanders, eat, ?
What is a rattle snakes height	rattlesnakes, grow to, ?
Who is the india first prim minister	?, became the first prime minister of, india
What is the musical term for structure	music, divided into, ?
What is the first mosque placed on earth	first mosque, was erected at, ?
What is sugar made of	sugars, are composed of, ?
What is sucrose made from?	sucrose, made from, ?
What is the function of an eye	eyes, are for, ?
Where is Ghana	ghana, is a country in, ?
What time of the year is Chinese new year	chinese new year, starts in, ?
How many electrons does sodium want to lose	sodium, loses, ?
What is made in Colorado	colorado, beers from here, ?
What is made in Colorado	?, produced in, colorado
What is another word for dark purple	?, dark kind of, purple
When is the birthday of lebron James	lebron james, date of birth, ?
When is the birthday of lebron James	lebron james, born on, ?
What do ruby Pokemon look like	pokemon, just look like, ?
What exactly is a small video camera	a small video camera, is, ?
How old is Jacob latimore	jacob latimore, date of birth, ?
What was helium used for	helium, used for, ?
What is the formula for ammonium hydroxide	ammonium hydroxide, formula, ?
What are cool places to visit in Wisconsin	wisconsin, tourist attractions, ?
What is an image map	image map, is, ?
What are the benefits of education	education, is good for, ?
What to do at mammoth cave in Kentucky	mammoth cave national park, offers, ?
What cities are in mexico?	?, is city in, Mexico
What countries border France?	$x: ($x, border, France) ($x, "type", country)
What foods are high in both protein and fiber?	$x: ($x, "type", food) ($x, high in, protein) ($x, high in, fiber)
Where do bananas come from?	(banana, come from, ?)
Who uses a bow and arrow?	(?, use, bow and arrow)
Who developed Jazz music?	(?, develop, Jazz music)
Where is NASA located?	(NASA, located in, ?)
When was Georgetown college founded?	(Georgetown college, founded in, ?)
What animals have feathers?	$x: ($x, is, an animal) ($x, has, feathers)
What are bell peppers stored in?	(bell pepper, stored in, ?)
What do computers understand?	 (computer, understand, ?)
Where does the sun rise?	(the sun, rises in, ?)
What is the largest country?	(?, is, largest country)
Who betrayed Caesar?	(?, betrayed, Caesar)
What are fish scales for?	(fish scales, be for, ?)
When was Leonardo DiCaprio born?	(leonardo dicaprio, born on, ?)
Where does water vapor come from?	(water vapor, come from, ?)
What are predators of squirrels?	(?, predator of, squirrel)
What things are positively charged?	(?, have, "positive charge")
Who is the mayor of Toronto?	(?, is mayor of, Toronto)
What is necessary for survival?	(?, is necessary for, survival)
How long do crocodiles live?	(crocodiles, live for, ?)
What is important for happiness?	(?, important for, happiness)
What is insulin for?	(insulin, is for, ?)
What is used for both cooking and cleaning?	$x: ($x, used for, cooking) ($x, used for, cleaning)
What is cured by antibiotics?	($x, cured by, antibiotics)
What melts metal?	?, melts, metal
What is the cerebellum for?	cerebellum, is for, ?
What do leopard seals eat?	leopard seal, eat, ?
Who studies quantum physics?	?, study, quantum physics
Where does fresh water come from?	fresh water, come from, ?
What is physical fitness good for?	physical fitness, good for, ?
Who built the pyramids?	?, built, pyramids
What did thomas edison invent?	thomas edison, invent, ?
What contains antioxidants?	(?, contains, antioxidants)
What produces wind?	(?, produce, wind)
What mountains are in ireland?	?, mountain in, Ireland
What are bacteria important for?	bacteria, important for, ?
What produces carbon dioxide?	carbon dioxide, produced by, ?
What is hypertension caused by?	hypertension, caused by, ?
What is located in africa?	?, is located in, Africa
What is Belgium known for?	Belgium, is known for, ?
What are France and Spain both known for?	$x: (France, is known for, $x) (Spain, is known for, $x)
What is found in the Arctic?	?, is found in, Arctic
What are some byproducts of fission?	$x, is byproduct of, fission
Where is Mozambique?	Mozambique, is located in, ?
Where are fractals found?	fractal, are found in, ?
What is an example of a fractal?	?, is example of | is type of | is kind of | is manifestation of, a fractal
What is information made of?	information | data, consist of | is made of, ?
What is cryptozoology?	cryptozoology, is study of, ?
Who was the first person in space?	?, first person in, space
What places in Africa produce coffee?	$x: (coffee, is produced in | is grown in | is export from, $x) ($x, is located in, Africa)
What is produced in the mountains?	$x: ($x, is produced in | is grown in, mountains)
Who discovered neutron stars?	$x, discovered, neutron star
Who discovered the structure of DNA?	$x, discovered structure of, DNA
Who invented the printing press?	?, invented, printing press
Where do babies come from?	babies, come from, ?
What is New York known for?	new york, is known for, ?
What is Denver known for?	denver, is known for, ?
What are cars used for?	car, is used for, ?
What is chocolate made from?	chocolate, is made from, ?
What does cilantro taste like?	cilantro, taste like, ?
What can be recycled?	?, can be, recycle
What can't be recycled?	?, can't be, recycle
What does liberty mean?	liberty, mean, ?
What does freedom mean?	freedom, mean, ?
