1	30 wagons	(a single wagon train, made up of, 30 wagons)	wagon train, made up of, ?	How many wagons are in a wagon train
1	1943	(Mercer Mayer, was born in, 1943)	mercer mayer, born in, ?	How old is mercer mayer
1	1943-12-30	(Mercer Mayer, Date of birth, 1943-12-30)	mercer mayer, date of birth, ?	How old is mercer mayer
1	hutches	(pet rabbits, live in, hutches)	pet rabbits, live in, ?	Where a pet rabbit lives
0	conditions	(Many pet rabbits, live in, conditions)	pet rabbits, live in, ?	Where a pet rabbit lives
0	a million pounds	(two pet rabbits Hani and Rainey, lived in, a million pounds)	pet rabbits, live in, ?	Where a pet rabbit lives
1	outside hutches	(Some pet rabbits, live in, outside hutches)	pet rabbits, live in, ?	Where a pet rabbit lives
1	insects	(Salamanders, eat a variety of, insects)	salamanders, eat, ?	What does salamander eat
1	worms	(salamanders, eat, worms)	salamanders, eat, ?	What does salamander eat
0	? kevin bacon	(salamanders, eat, ? kevin bacon)	salamanders, eat, ?	What does salamander eat
1	anuran tadpoles	(Northwestern salamander larvae, will eat, anuran tadpoles)	salamanders, eat, ?	What does salamander eat
1	carrion	(Chinese giant salamanders, are also known to eat, carrion)	salamanders, eat, ?	What does salamander eat
1	crayfish	(This salamander, eats, crayfish)	salamanders, eat, ?	What does salamander eat
1	crickets	(Adult tiger salamanders, will readily eat, crickets)	salamanders, eat, ?	What does salamander eat
1	earthworms	(Spotted salamanders, eat, earthworms)	salamanders, eat, ?	What does salamander eat
0	fire	(The salamander, eats, fire)	salamanders, eat, ?	What does salamander eat
0	fire and chillis	(salamanders, eat, fire and chillis)	salamanders, eat, ?	What does salamander eat
0	fire gratis	(each high heroic salamander, eats, fire gratis)	salamanders, eat, ?	What does salamander eat
1	insects and worms	(the spotted salamander, eats, insects and worms)	salamanders, eat, ?	What does salamander eat
1	isopods	(Grotto salamander larvae, eat, isopods)	salamanders, eat, ?	What does salamander eat
1	live prey	(salamanders, only eat, live prey)	salamanders, eat, ?	What does salamander eat
0	my snails	(Your salamanders, coudl eat, my snails)	salamanders, eat, ?	What does salamander eat
1	its shed skins	(The salamander, would eat, its shed skins)	salamanders, eat, ?	What does salamander eat
1	slimy critters	(These salamanders, eat lots of, slimy critters)	salamanders, eat, ?	What does salamander eat
1	slow-moving , soft-bodied creatures	(salamanders, tend to eat, slow-moving , soft-bodied creatures)	salamanders, eat, ?	What does salamander eat
1	small aquatic life	(Salamanders, will eat, small aquatic life)	salamanders, eat, ?	What does salamander eat
1	small arthropods	(These salamanders, eat, small arthropods)	salamanders, eat, ?	What does salamander eat
1	5 feet	(Western Rattlesnake Crotalus viridis Adults, grow up to, 5 feet)	rattlesnakes, grow to, ?	What is a rattle snakes height
1	five feet	(Timber Rattlesnakes, can grow to, five feet)	rattlesnakes, grow to, ?	What is a rattle snakes height
1	Jawaharlal Nehru	(Jawaharlal Nehru, became the first Prime Minister of, India)	?, became the first prime minister of, india	Who is the india first prim minister
1	Nehru	(Nehru, became the first prime minister of, India)	?, became the first prime minister of, india	Who is the india first prim minister
1	genres	(Music, can be divided into, genres)	music, divided into, ?	What is the musical term for structure
0	three categories	(Music, is often divided into, three categories)	music, divided into, ?	What is the musical term for structure
1	sections	(Instrumental Music, is divided into, sections)	music, divided into, ?	What is the musical term for structure
1	bars	(Music, is divided up into, bars)	music, divided into, ?	What is the musical term for structure
1	genres and subgenres	(Music, can be divided into, genres and subgenres)	music, divided into, ?	What is the musical term for structure
0	a number	(music, has been divided into, a number)	music, divided into, ?	What is the musical term for structure
1	phrases	(music, is divided into, phrases)	music, divided into, ?	What is the musical term for structure
0	six periods	(music, can be divided into, six periods)	music, divided into, ?	What is the musical term for structure
0	two sections	(The music, is divided into, two sections)	music, divided into, ?	What is the musical term for structure
0	two types	(Music, can be roughly divided into, two types)	music, divided into, ?	What is the musical term for structure
1	categories	(Twonky Music, is divided into, categories)	music, divided into, ?	What is the musical term for structure
1	different genres	(Music, can be divided into, different genres)	music, divided into, ?	What is the musical term for structure
0	five measures	(music, is divided into, five measures)	music, divided into, ?	What is the musical term for structure
0	four sections	(The music, is divided into, four sections)	music, divided into, ?	What is the musical term for structure
1	genres and sub-genres	(Music, can be divided into, genres and sub-genres)	music, divided into, ?	What is the musical term for structure
0	parts	(The music, is generally divided into, parts)	music, divided into, ?	What is the musical term for structure
0	several branches	(Ashura music, is divided into, several branches)	music, divided into, ?	What is the musical term for structure
0	several genres	(Jamaican music, can be divided into, several genres)	music, divided into, ?	What is the musical term for structure
0	three sections	(The music, is divided into, three sections)	music, divided into, ?	What is the musical term for structure
0	three types	(Trance music, is divided into, three types)	music, divided into, ?	What is the musical term for structure
1	Kizimkazi	(the first mosque, was erected at, Kizimkazi)	first mosque, was erected at, ?	What is the first mosque placed on earth
1	Quba	(The first mosque, was erected at, Quba)	first mosque, was erected at, ?	What is the first mosque placed on earth
1	glucose	(Fruit sugar, is composed mainly of, glucose)	sugars, are composed of, ?	What is sugar made of
1	glucose and fructose	(table sugar, is composed of, glucose and fructose)	sugars, are composed of, ?	What is sugar made of
1	50 percent fructose	(table sugar, is composed of, 50 percent fructose)	sugars, are composed of, ?	What is sugar made of
0	3.5 %	(sugar, is composed of about, 3.5 %)	sugars, are composed of, ?	What is sugar made of
1	50 % fructose	(Sugar, is composed of, 50 % fructose)	sugars, are composed of, ?	What is sugar made of
0	to 55 distinct carbohydrate rings	(the sugar, is composed of up, to 55 distinct carbohydrate rings)	sugars, are composed of, ?	What is sugar made of
0	either a purine or pyrimidine	(the sugar, is composed of, either a purine or pyrimidine)	sugars, are composed of, ?	What is sugar made of
0	equal parts	(Normal sugar, is a molecule composed of, equal parts)	sugars, are composed of, ?	What is sugar made of
1	fructooligosaccharides	(the sugar, is composed mainly of, fructooligosaccharides)	sugars, are composed of, ?	What is sugar made of
1	fructose and glucose	(Sugar, is composed of, fructose and glucose)	sugars, are composed of, ?	What is sugar made of
1	galactose and glucose	(malt sugar, is composed of, galactose and glucose)	sugars, are composed of, ?	What is sugar made of
0	layers	(this sugar-bomb, is composed of, layers)	sugars, are composed of, ?	What is sugar made of
0	members Serri	(Pink SUGAR, will be composed of, members Serri)	sugars, are composed of, ?	What is sugar made of
0	a molecule	(Table sugar, is composed of, a molecule)	sugars, are composed of, ?	What is sugar made of
1	O , C , H and N.	(sugars, are all composed of primarily, O , C , H and N.)	sugars, are composed of, ?	What is sugar made of
1	one glucose	(Sugar, is composed of, one glucose)	sugars, are composed of, ?	What is sugar made of
0	oxygen	(sugars, are all composed of primarily, oxygen)	sugars, are composed of, ?	What is sugar made of
1	Rha	(The sugar fraction, was composed of, Rha)	sugars, are composed of, ?	What is sugar made of
1	saccharides	(Sugars, are composed of, saccharides)	sugars, are composed of, ?	What is sugar made of
1	simple carbohydrates	(All natural sugars, are composed of, simple carbohydrates)	sugars, are composed of, ?	What is sugar made of
0	sugar cane	(sucrose, made from, sugar cane)	sucrose, made from, ?	What is sucrose made from?
1	glucose	(Sucrose, is made from, glucose)	sucrose, made from, ?	What is sucrose made from?
1	glucose and fructose units	(Sucrose, is made from, glucose and fructose units)	sucrose, made from, ?	What is sucrose made from?
1	one part glucose	(sucrose, made up from, one part glucose)	sucrose, made from, ?	What is sucrose made from?
0	sugar beets	(SUCROSE, is made from, sugar beets)	sucrose, made from, ?	What is sucrose made from?
0	sugar cane or sugar beets	(Sucrose, is made from, sugar cane or sugar beets)	sucrose, made from, ?	What is sucrose made from?
0	vegetable oil and sugar	(a novel sucrose polyester, made from, vegetable oil and sugar)	sucrose, made from, ?	What is sucrose made from?
0	a moment	(eyes, could be seen for, a moment)	eyes, are for, ?	What is the function of an eye
1	everyone	(eyes, is very important for, everyone)	eyes, are for, ?	What is the function of an eye
0	the first time	(eyes, are opened for, the first time)	eyes, are for, ?	What is the function of an eye
0	sale	(eyes, are still for, sale)	eyes, are for, ?	What is the function of an eye
0	her there	(eyes, was waiting for, her there)	eyes, are for, ?	What is the function of an eye
1	light	(eyes, are also watching for, light)	eyes, are for, ?	What is the function of an eye
0	some people	(Eyes, may be hereditary for, some people)	eyes, are for, ?	What is the function of an eye
0	that purpose	(eyes, could be recruited for, that purpose)	eyes, are for, ?	What is the function of an eye
1	your body	(eye, is a lamp for, your body)	eyes, are for, ?	What is the function of an eye
0	a couple	(eyes, have been closed for, a couple)	eyes, are for, ?	What is the function of an eye
0	kids	(eye, was appropriate for, kids)	eyes, are for, ?	What is the function of an eye
1	life	(eyes, were committed for, life)	eyes, are for, ?	What is the function of an eye
0	one	(eye, has been used metaphorically for, one)	eyes, are for, ?	What is the function of an eye
0	signs	(eyes, are checked for, signs)	eyes, are for, ?	What is the function of an eye
0	use	(eyes, are designed for, use)	eyes, are for, ?	What is the function of an eye
0	accuracy	(eyes, are for, accuracy)	eyes, are for, ?	What is the function of an eye
0	age	('s eyes, were dim for, age)	eyes, are for, ?	What is the function of an eye
0	any kind	(eyes, are psychopathicly seeking for, any kind)	eyes, are for, ?	What is the function of an eye
0	the crowd	(the Eye”, is for, the crowd)	eyes, are for, ?	What is the function of an eye
0	days	(eye, had been twitching for, days)	eyes, are for, ?	What is the function of an eye
1	West Africa	(Ghana, is a country in, West Africa)	ghana, is a country in, ?	Where is Ghana
1	Western Africa	(Ghana, is a country in, Western Africa)	ghana, is a country in, ?	Where is Ghana
1	African Countries	(ghana, is a country located in the geopolitical location, African Countries)	ghana, is a country in, ?	Where is Ghana
0	Countries	(ghana, is a country located in the geopolitical location, Countries)	ghana, is a country in, ?	Where is Ghana
0	natural resources	(Ghana, is a country rich in, natural resources)	ghana, is a country in, ?	Where is Ghana
0	STATES	(ghana, is a country located in the geopolitical location, STATES)	ghana, is a country in, ?	Where is Ghana
1	the west	(Ghana, is a country in, the west)	ghana, is a country in, ?	Where is Ghana
1	ancient China	(Chinese new Year, started in, ancient China)	chinese new year, starts in, ?	What time of the year is Chinese new year
1	January or February	(The Chinese New Year, starts in, January or February)	chinese new year, starts in, ?	What time of the year is Chinese new year
1	late January	(the Chinese New Year, starts in, late January)	chinese new year, starts in, ?	What time of the year is Chinese new year
0	style	(The Chinese New Year Celebrations, start things in, style)	chinese new year, starts in, ?	What time of the year is Chinese new year
0	sweat	(Sodium, is also lost via, sweat)	sodium, loses, ?	How many electrons does sodium want to lose
1	an electron	(sodium, lost, an electron)	sodium, loses, ?	How many electrons does sodium want to lose
1	one electron	(Sodium, loses, one electron)	sodium, loses, ?	How many electrons does sodium want to lose
0	the urine	(Sodium, is lost in, the urine)	sodium, loses, ?	How many electrons does sodium want to lose
0	the body	(Sodium, is lost from, the body)	sodium, loses, ?	How many electrons does sodium want to lose
0	exercise	(Sodium, is always lost during, exercise)	sodium, loses, ?	How many electrons does sodium want to lose
0	perspiration	(sodium, is lost through, perspiration)	sodium, loses, ?	How many electrons does sodium want to lose
0	sweating	(sodium, lost from, sweating)	sodium, loses, ?	How many electrons does sodium want to lose
0	the weight	(sodium, also lose, the weight)	sodium, loses, ?	How many electrons does sodium want to lose
1	chlorine	(sodium, loses an electron to, chlorine)	sodium, loses, ?	How many electrons does sodium want to lose
1	the Chlorine atom	(the Sodium atom, loses an electron to, the Chlorine atom)	sodium, loses, ?	How many electrons does sodium want to lose
0	the greatest amounts	(Sodium and potassium, are lost in, the greatest amounts)	sodium, loses, ?	How many electrons does sodium want to lose
0	high intensity exercise	(sodium, is lost during, high intensity exercise)	sodium, loses, ?	How many electrons does sodium want to lose
0	20 %	(High Pressure Sodiums, lose about, 20 %)	sodium, loses, ?	How many electrons does sodium want to lose
0	activity	(sodium and potassium, lost during, activity)	sodium, loses, ?	How many electrons does sodium want to lose
0	the air	(the sodium chloride solution, will lose water to, the air)	sodium, loses, ?	How many electrons does sodium want to lose
0	the alteration of basalt	(the amount of sodium, lost in, the alteration of basalt)	sodium, loses, ?	How many electrons does sodium want to lose
0	an athlete	(sodium, are lost, an athlete)	sodium, loses, ?	How many electrons does sodium want to lose
1	its available oxygen	(Sodium Percarbonate, loses, its available oxygen)	sodium, loses, ?	How many electrons does sodium want to lose
0	calcium	(sodium and caffeine, may cause the body to lose, calcium)	sodium, loses, ?	How many electrons does sodium want to lose
1	Coors Light	(Colorado, Beers from here, Coors Light)	colorado, beers from here, ?	What is made in Colorado
1	coal	(coal, produced in, the Colorado Plateau)	?, produced in, colorado	What is made in Colorado
0	companies	(companies, producing natural gas in, Colorado)	?, produced in, colorado	What is made in Colorado
0	80 barrels	(80 barrels, were produced in, Colorado)	?, produced in, colorado	What is made in Colorado
0	Adaptation	(Adaptation, produced primarily in, Colorado)	?, produced in, colorado	What is made in Colorado
1	The Changers Maroshi solar panel	(The Changers Maroshi solar panel, is produced in, Colorado)	?, produced in, colorado	What is made in Colorado
1	CO2	(CO2, has been produced in, Colorado)	?, produced in, colorado	What is made in Colorado
1	Colorado Coal Quality Coal	(Colorado Coal Quality Coal, produced in, Colorado)	?, produced in, colorado	What is made in Colorado
1	Corn	(Corn, is a vegetable produced in, COLORADO)	?, produced in, colorado	What is made in Colorado
0	the crop	(the crop, produced in, Colorado)	?, produced in, colorado	What is made in Colorado
0	crop residues	(crop residues, are produced annually in, Colorado)	?, produced in, colorado	What is made in Colorado
0	's drug	('s drug, is being produced in, Colorado)	?, produced in, colorado	What is made in Colorado
1	The first commercial crop	(The first commercial crop, was produced in, Colorado)	?, produced in, colorado	What is made in Colorado
0	greater use	(greater use, produced right here in, Colorado)	?, produced in, colorado	What is made in Colorado
0	No lead mines	(No lead mines, are producing in, Colorado today)	?, produced in, colorado	What is made in Colorado
0	The Marmot Speaks	(The Marmot Speaks, were produced regionally in, Colorado)	?, produced in, colorado	What is made in Colorado
1	minerals	(minerals, produced in, Colorado)	?, produced in, colorado	What is made in Colorado
0	His newest play	(His newest play, has been produced in, Colorado)	?, produced in, colorado	What is made in Colorado
1	oil and gas	(oil and gas, produced in, Colorado)	?, produced in, colorado	What is made in Colorado
0	Parker	(Parker, produces events in, Colorado as well as)	?, produced in, colorado	What is made in Colorado
0	the pieces	(the pieces, are produced in, Colorado)	?, produced in, colorado	What is made in Colorado
0	This color	(This color, is a vivid very dark kind of, purple)	?, dark kind of, purple	What is another word for dark purple
1	Royal Cloak	(Royal Cloak, is a dark kind of, dusty purple)	?, dark kind of, purple	What is another word for dark purple
1	1984-12-30	(LeBron James, Date of birth, 1984-12-30)	lebron james, date of birth, ?	When is the birthday of lebron James
1	2004-10-06	(LeBron James Jr., Date of birth, 2004-10-06)	lebron james, date of birth, ?	When is the birthday of lebron James
1	the 30th	(LeBron James, was born on, the 30th)	lebron james, born on, ?	When is the birthday of lebron James
1	December 30	(Kam Williams LeBron Raymone James, was born on, December 30)	lebron james, born on, ?	When is the birthday of lebron James
1	December 30 , 1984	(LeBron James, was born on, December 30 , 1984)	lebron james, born on, ?	When is the birthday of lebron James
0	the cards	(Your pokemon designs, look just like, the cards)	pokemon, just look like, ?	What do ruby Pokemon look like
1	monsters	(pokemon, just look like, monsters)	pokemon, just look like, ?	What do ruby Pokemon look like
1	a Poke Ball	(This sneaky Pokemon, looks just like, a Poke Ball)	pokemon, just look like, ?	What do ruby Pokemon look like
0	the abdomen	(a small video camera, is inserted into, the abdomen)	a small video camera, is, ?	What exactly is a small video camera
0	the chest	(A small thin video camera, is inserted into, the chest)	a small video camera, is, ?	What exactly is a small video camera
0	one incision	(A small video camera, is inserted in, one incision)	a small video camera, is, ?	What exactly is a small video camera
0	top	(A small video camera, is mounted on, top)	a small video camera, is, ?	What exactly is a small video camera
0	the back	(A small video camera, is attached to, the back)	a small video camera, is, ?	What exactly is a small video camera
0	the category	(a new small video camera, is included in, the category)	a small video camera, is, ?	What exactly is a small video camera
0	the category of pocket	(a new small video camera, is included in, the category of pocket)	a small video camera, is, ?	What exactly is a small video camera
0	the colonoscope	(A small video camera, is attached to, the colonoscope)	a small video camera, is, ?	What exactly is a small video camera
0	a crossbar	(A small video camera and transmitter, are clamped to, a crossbar)	a small video camera, is, ?	What exactly is a small video camera
0	development	(A small digital video camera, is in, development)	a small video camera, is, ?	What exactly is a small video camera
0	the end	(A small video camera, is attached to, the end)	a small video camera, is, ?	What exactly is a small video camera
0	the floor	(a small video camera, was on, the floor)	a small video camera, is, ?	What exactly is a small video camera
0	minified four or five times	(a small video camera, are, minified four or five times)	a small video camera, is, ?	What exactly is a small video camera
0	a mini robot	(a small video camera, was attached upon, a mini robot)	a small video camera, is, ?	What exactly is a small video camera
0	one	(A small video camera, is placed in, one)	a small video camera, is, ?	What exactly is a small video camera
0	the outer end	(A small video camera, is usually attached to, the outer end)	a small video camera, is, ?	What exactly is a small video camera
0	a pair	(A small video camera, will be hidden behind, a pair)	a small video camera, is, ?	What exactly is a small video camera
0	pictures	(a small video camera, can be used for taking, pictures)	a small video camera, is, ?	What exactly is a small video camera
0	the procedure	(a small video camera, is used to show, the procedure)	a small video camera, is, ?	What exactly is a small video camera
0	the rear license plate	(a small video camera, is attached near, the rear license plate)	a small video camera, is, ?	What exactly is a small video camera
1	1996-08-10	(Jacob Latimore, Date of birth, 1996-08-10)	jacob latimore, date of birth, ?	How old is Jacob latimore
1	balloons	(Helium, is used for, balloons)	helium, used for, ?	What was helium used for
1	leak detection	(Helium, is also used for, leak detection)	helium, used for, ?	What was helium used for
0	many purposes	(Helium, is used for, many purposes)	helium, used for, ?	What was helium used for
0	aluminum	(argon and helium, are most frequently used for, aluminum)	helium, used for, ?	What was helium used for
1	arc welding and leak detection	(Helium, is used for, arc welding and leak detection)	helium, used for, ?	What was helium used for
1	balloons and blimps	(Helium, is used for filling, balloons and blimps)	helium, used for, ?	What was helium used for
1	cryogenic processing	(helium, is also used for, cryogenic processing)	helium, used for, ?	What was helium used for
1	deep diving	(helium and oxygen, used for very, deep diving)	helium, used for, ?	What was helium used for
0	detection	(Helium, is used for, detection)	helium, used for, ?	What was helium used for
0	our follow	(The left-over helium, was used for, our follow)	helium, used for, ?	What was helium used for
1	GMAW welding	(the high helium content gases, are used for, GMAW welding)	helium, used for, ?	What was helium used for
1	heat transfer	(helium, is used for, heat transfer)	helium, used for, ?	What was helium used for
0	inspection	(A helium-leak-detector, is used for sealing, inspection)	helium, used for, ?	What was helium used for
0	landing	(The helium-filled canopy, can thus be used safely for, landing)	helium, used for, ?	What was helium used for
1	leak testing	(Helium, is used for, leak testing)	helium, used for, ?	What was helium used for
1	some light gage stainless welding	(Helium, is used for, some light gage stainless welding)	helium, used for, ?	What was helium used for
0	long term advertisement	(the latex helium balloons, are used for, long term advertisement)	helium, used for, ?	What was helium used for
0	a number	(Helium, is used for, a number)	helium, used for, ?	What was helium used for
0	offsite optimization	(Helium, were often used for, offsite optimization)	helium, used for, ?	What was helium used for
0	pressure drop	(the Liquid Helium Flow Facility, can be used for, pressure drop)	helium, used for, ?	What was helium used for
1	"NH4OH"	(Ammonium hydroxide, Formula, "NH4OH")	ammonium hydroxide, formula, ?	What is the formula for ammonium hydroxide
1	Atlantis	(Wisconsin Dells, Tourist attractions, Atlantis)	wisconsin, tourist attractions, ?	What are cool places to visit in Wisconsin
1	Chula Vista Resort	(Wisconsin Dells, Tourist attractions, Chula Vista Resort)	wisconsin, tourist attractions, ?	What are cool places to visit in Wisconsin
1	Dells of the Wisconsin River	(Wisconsin Dells, Tourist attractions, Dells of the Wisconsin River)	wisconsin, tourist attractions, ?	What are cool places to visit in Wisconsin
1	H. H. Bennett Studio	(Wisconsin Dells, Tourist attractions, H. H. Bennett Studio)	wisconsin, tourist attractions, ?	What are cool places to visit in Wisconsin
1	Harley-Davidson Museum	(Wisconsin, Tourist attractions, Harley-Davidson Museum)	wisconsin, tourist attractions, ?	What are cool places to visit in Wisconsin
1	Ho-Chunk Casino	(Wisconsin Dells, Tourist attractions, Ho-Chunk Casino)	wisconsin, tourist attractions, ?	What are cool places to visit in Wisconsin
1	Kalahari Resorts	(Wisconsin Dells, Tourist attractions, Kalahari Resorts)	wisconsin, tourist attractions, ?	What are cool places to visit in Wisconsin
1	Mirror Lake State Park	(Wisconsin Dells, Tourist attractions, Mirror Lake State Park)	wisconsin, tourist attractions, ?	What are cool places to visit in Wisconsin
1	Mt. Olympus Water & Theme Park	(Wisconsin Dells, Tourist attractions, Mt. Olympus Water & Theme Park)	wisconsin, tourist attractions, ?	What are cool places to visit in Wisconsin
1	Tommy Bartlett Exploratory	(Wisconsin Dells, Tourist attractions, Tommy Bartlett Exploratory)	wisconsin, tourist attractions, ?	What are cool places to visit in Wisconsin
1	Wizard Quest	(Wisconsin Dells, Tourist attractions, Wizard Quest)	wisconsin, tourist attractions, ?	What are cool places to visit in Wisconsin
0	a web page	(Image Maps, are graphics on, a web page)	image map, is, ?	What is an image map
0	available	(Map images, are, available)	image map, is, ?	What is an image map
0	clickable areas	(An image-map, is an image with, clickable areas)	image map, is, ?	What is an image map
0	hot spots	(Image maps, are analogous to, hot spots)	image map, is, ?	What is an image map
0	an image	(IMAGE MAP Image Maps, are user-defined areas of, an image)	image map, is, ?	What is an image map
0	images	(Image maps Image maps, are used for, images)	image map, is, ?	What is an image map
0	the chart	(an HTML image map, is created for, the chart)	image map, is, ?	What is an image map
0	a clipboard	(Map images, can also be added to, a clipboard)	image map, is, ?	What is an image map
0	copyright	(Map images, are, copyright)	image map, is, ?	What is an image map
0	demand	(Each map image, is created on, demand)	image map, is, ?	What is an image map
0	links	(Image maps, are hot spots with, links)	image map, is, ?	What is an image map
0	navigation	(Image maps, are often required for, navigation)	image map, is, ?	What is an image map
0	this page	(image map, may be used to navigate, this page)	image map, is, ?	What is an image map
0	the server	(Image maps, are processed directly by, the server)	image map, is, ?	What is an image map
0	the top	(your image map, are shown at, the top)	image map, is, ?	What is an image map
0	a web site	(Image maps, are clickable images on, a web site)	image map, is, ?	What is an image map
0	some	(Image mapping, has been significantly changed with, some)	image map, is, ?	What is an image map
0	the bottom	(this image map, are available at, the bottom)	image map, is, ?	What is an image map
0	client side	(accessible image maps, should be, client side)	image map, is, ?	What is an image map
0	conjunction	(Image maps, can be defined in, conjunction)	image map, is, ?	What is an image map
1	students	(education, is good for, students)	education, is good for, ?	What are the benefits of education
1	children	(education, is n’t good for, children)	education, is good for, ?	What are the benefits of education
0	all	(education, is a good thing for, all)	education, is good for, ?	What are the benefits of education
1	people	(Education, intrinsically is good for, people)	education, is good for, ?	What are the benefits of education
1	business	(consumer education, was good for, business)	education, is good for, ?	What are the benefits of education
1	everyone	(Sex education, is good for, everyone)	education, is good for, ?	What are the benefits of education
0	life	(your Boater Education Certificate, is good for, life)	education, is good for, ?	What are the benefits of education
1	the individual	(Education, is always good for, the individual)	education, is good for, ?	What are the benefits of education
1	kids	(education, is good for, kids)	education, is good for, ?	What are the benefits of education
1	the nation	(Education, is good for, the nation)	education, is good for, ?	What are the benefits of education
1	its own sake	(Education, is good for, its own sake)	education, is good for, ?	What are the benefits of education
0	parents	(public education, is a good thing – good for, parents)	education, is good for, ?	What are the benefits of education
1	women	(education, was good for, women)	education, is good for, ?	What are the benefits of education
1	ADHD cases	(therapy and education, is a good solution for, ADHD cases)	education, is good for, ?	What are the benefits of education
1	America	(Education, is good for, America)	education, is good for, ?	What are the benefits of education
0	this career	(education, might be a good fit for, this career)	education, is good for, ?	What are the benefits of education
1	democracy	(Education, is good for, democracy)	education, is good for, ?	What are the benefits of education
1	the economy	(education, is good for, the economy)	education, is good for, ?	What are the benefits of education
1	individuals	(continuing education, are good for, individuals)	education, is good for, ?	What are the benefits of education
0	information	(special education, can also be good sources for, information)	education, is good for, ?	What are the benefits of education
0	70 miles	(Mammoth Cave National Park, offers, 70 miles)	mammoth cave national park, offers, ?	What to do at mammoth cave in Kentucky
1	cave tours	(Mammoth Cave National Park, offers, cave tours)	mammoth cave national park, offers, ?	What to do at mammoth cave in Kentucky
1	Cancun	(Cancun, is a city in, Mexico)	?, is city in, Mexico	What cities are in mexico?
1	Guadalajara	(Guadalajara, is the second-largest city in, Mexico)	?, is city in, Mexico	What cities are in mexico?
1	Puebla	(Puebla, was the first city in, Mexico)	?, is city in, Mexico	What cities are in mexico?
0	Albuquerque	(Albuquerque, is the largest city in, New Mexico)	?, is city in, Mexico	What cities are in mexico?
1	Juarez	(Juarez, is the most violent city in, Mexico)	?, is city in, Mexico	What cities are in mexico?
1	Monterrey	(Monterrey, is the third most populous city in, Mexico)	?, is city in, Mexico	What cities are in mexico?
1	Tijuana	(Tijuana, is the westernmost city in, Mexico)	?, is city in, Mexico	What cities are in mexico?
1	Las Cruces	(Las Cruces, is the second largest city in, New Mexico)	?, is city in, Mexico	What cities are in mexico?
1	Rio Rancho	(Rio Rancho, is the fastest growing city in, New Mexico)	?, is city in, Mexico	What cities are in mexico?
0	Santa Fe	(Santa Fe, is the chief city in, New Mexico)	?, is city in, Mexico	What cities are in mexico?
0	There	(There, are many cities in, Mexico)	?, is city in, Mexico	What cities are in mexico?
0	2007	(2007, Is a city in, Mexico)	?, is city in, Mexico	What cities are in mexico?
0	AeroMexico	(AeroMexico, is a company headquartered in the city, mexico city)	?, is city in, Mexico	What cities are in mexico?
0	Albuquerque Albuquerque	(Albuquerque Albuquerque, is the largest city in, New Mexico)	?, is city in, Mexico	What cities are in mexico?
1	Batopilas	(Batopilas, was the second city in, Mexico)	?, is city in, Mexico	What cities are in mexico?
1	Cancún	(Cancún, is a coastal city in, Mexico)	?, is city in, Mexico	What cities are in mexico?
1	Ciudad Juarez	(Ciudad Juarez, is considered the most violent city in, Mexico)	?, is city in, Mexico	What cities are in mexico?
1	Mexico Cancun	(Mexico Cancun, is a coastal city in, Mexico)	?, is city in, Mexico	What cities are in mexico?
0	the national	(the national, is a company that has an office in the city, mexico city)	?, is city in, Mexico	What cities are in mexico?
1	Saltillo	(Saltillo, is the best city to live in, Mexico)	?, is city in, Mexico	What cities are in mexico?
1	Italy	(Italy, cross the border into, France) (Italy, Type, Country)	$x: ($x, border, France) ($x, "type", country)	What countries border France?
1	Spain	(Spain, bordered, France) (Spain, Type, Countries)	$x: ($x, border, France) ($x, "type", country)	What countries border France?
1	Germany	(Germany, bordered, France) (Germany, Type, Countries)	$x: ($x, border, France) ($x, "type", country)	What countries border France?
1	Switzerland	(Switzerland, borders, France) (Switzerland, Type, Country)	$x: ($x, border, France) ($x, "type", country)	What countries border France?
1	Belgium	(Belgium, shares its borders with, France) (Belgium, Type, Countries)	$x: ($x, border, France) ($x, "type", country)	What countries border France?
1	Andorra	(Andorra, is bordered by, France) (Andorra, Type, Country)	$x: ($x, border, France) ($x, "type", country)	What countries border France?
1	Luxembourg	(Luxembourg, has borders with, France) (Luxembourg, Type, Countries)	$x: ($x, border, France) ($x, "type", country)	What countries border France?
1	Monaco	(Monaco, is bordered by, France) (Monaco, Type, Country)	$x: ($x, border, France) ($x, "type", country)	What countries border France?
1	Sweden	(Sweden, crossed the border of, France) (Sweden, Type, Country)	$x: ($x, border, France) ($x, "type", country)	What countries border France?
1	Libya	(Libya, crossed the border into, France) (Libya, Type, Countries)	$x: ($x, border, France) ($x, "type", country)	What countries border France?
0	Kent	(Kent, has a nominal border with, France) (Kent, Type, Beer country / region)	$x: ($x, border, France) ($x, "type", country)	What countries border France?
1	Amaranth	(Amaranth, Type, Food) (Amaranth, is notably high in, protein) (Amaranth, is also high in, fiber)	$x: ($x, "type", food) ($x, high in, protein) ($x, high in, fiber)	What foods are high in both protein and fiber?
1	Edamame	(Edamame, Type, Food) (Edamame, is high in, protein) (Edamame, is exceptionally high in, fiber)	$x: ($x, "type", food) ($x, high in, protein) ($x, high in, fiber)	What foods are high in both protein and fiber?
1	Oats	(Oats, Type, Food concept) (Oats, are also high in, protein) (Oats, are also high in, fiber)	$x: ($x, "type", food) ($x, high in, protein) ($x, high in, fiber)	What foods are high in both protein and fiber?
1	Hummus	(Hummus, Type, Food) (Hummus, is high in, protein) (Hummus, is high in, fiber)	$x: ($x, "type", food) ($x, high in, protein) ($x, high in, fiber)	What foods are high in both protein and fiber?
1	Oatmeal	(Oatmeal, Type, Food) (oatmeal, is high in, protein) (Oatmeal, is very high in, fiber)	$x: ($x, "type", food) ($x, high in, protein) ($x, high in, fiber)	What foods are high in both protein and fiber?
1	Tempeh	(Tempeh, Type, Food) (Tempeh, is high in, protein) (Tempeh, is high in, fiber)	$x: ($x, "type", food) ($x, high in, protein) ($x, high in, fiber)	What foods are high in both protein and fiber?
1	Broccoli	(Broccoli, Type, Food) (broccoli, is very high in, protein) (Broccoli, is also high in, fiber)	$x: ($x, "type", food) ($x, high in, protein) ($x, high in, fiber)	What foods are high in both protein and fiber?
1	Buckwheat	(Buckwheat, Type, Food concept) (Buckwheat, is high in, protein) (Buckwheat, is also high in, fiber)	$x: ($x, "type", food) ($x, high in, protein) ($x, high in, fiber)	What foods are high in both protein and fiber?
1	Rye	(Rye, Type, Food) (Rye, is also high in, protein) (Rye, is exceptionally high in, fiber)	$x: ($x, "type", food) ($x, high in, protein) ($x, high in, fiber)	What foods are high in both protein and fiber?
1	Spelt	(Spelt, Type, Food) (Spelt, is high in, protein) (Spelt, is high in, fiber)	$x: ($x, "type", food) ($x, high in, protein) ($x, high in, fiber)	What foods are high in both protein and fiber?
1	Central America	(bananas, comes from, Central America)	(banana, come from, ?)	Where do bananas come from?
0	all	(Bananas and plantains and tubers, came from, all)	(banana, come from, ?)	Where do bananas come from?
1	Ecuador	('s bananas, come from, Ecuador)	(banana, come from, ?)	Where do bananas come from?
1	nonunion plantations	(" bananas, may come from, nonunion plantations)	(banana, come from, ?)	Where do bananas come from?
0	....your stories	(the banana meelshake line, came from, ....your stories)	(banana, come from, ?)	Where do bananas come from?
0	the Arabic word	(the word banana, comes from, the Arabic word)	(banana, come from, ?)	Where do bananas come from?
0	the Australian chef Bill Granger	(banana pudding, comes from, the Australian chef Bill Granger)	(banana, come from, ?)	Where do bananas come from?
1	Bahahaha	(a banana, came from, Bahahaha)	(banana, come from, ?)	Where do bananas come from?
0	banana oil	(The banana scent, comes from, banana oil)	(banana, come from, ?)	Where do bananas come from?
0	the Bay	(My eating banana plants, came from, the Bay)	(banana, come from, ?)	Where do bananas come from?
0	Betty Crocker	(Another banana treat, comes from, Betty Crocker)	(banana, come from, ?)	Where do bananas come from?
0	Canada	(Anna Banana, came down from, Canada)	(banana, come from, ?)	Where do bananas come from?
1	the Canary Islands	(2. Bananas, must come from, the Canary Islands)	(banana, come from, ?)	Where do bananas come from?
0	carbohydrates	(Most of the calories in Banana, come from, carbohydrates)	(banana, come from, ?)	Where do bananas come from?
1	Caribbean	(Europe’s bananas, came from, Caribbean)	(banana, come from, ?)	Where do bananas come from?
0	Central	(North American banana imports, come mainly from, Central)	(banana, come from, ?)	Where do bananas come from?
0	the chemical amyl acetate	(banana flavor, comes from, the chemical amyl acetate)	(banana, come from, ?)	Where do bananas come from?
0	Europe	(Chiquita Brands banana segment revenue, comes from, Europe)	(banana, come from, ?)	Where do bananas come from?
1	farmers	(Ok� bananas, come directly from, farmers)	(banana, come from, ?)	Where do bananas come from?
0	Flour	(banana bread, had come from, Flour)	(banana, come from, ?)	Where do bananas come from?
1	Hunters	(Hunters, used, bows and arrows)	(?, use, bow and arrow)	Who uses a bow and arrow?
0	These people	(These people, used, bows and arrows)	(?, use, bow and arrow)	Who uses a bow and arrow?
0	The person	(The person, using, the bow and arrow)	(?, use, bow and arrow)	Who uses a bow and arrow?
0	both	(both, used, bows and arrows)	(?, use, bow and arrow)	Who uses a bow and arrow?
1	Archers	(Archers, use, the bow and arrow)	(?, use, bow and arrow)	Who uses a bow and arrow?
1	Archery	(Archery, uses, a bow and arrows)	(?, use, bow and arrow)	Who uses a bow and arrow?
1	The athletes	(The athletes, make use of, an ordinary bow and arrow)	(?, use, bow and arrow)	Who uses a bow and arrow?
1	The Indians	(The Indians, used, the bow and arrow)	(?, use, bow and arrow)	Who uses a bow and arrow?
1	Katniss	(Katniss, uses, bows and arrows)	(?, use, bow and arrow)	Who uses a bow and arrow?
0	The man	(The man, uses, bows and arrows)	(?, use, bow and arrow)	Who uses a bow and arrow?
0	someone	(someone, uses, a bow and arrow)	(?, use, bow and arrow)	Who uses a bow and arrow?
1	Archer	(Archer, Can use, swords and bow/arrows)	(?, use, bow and arrow)	Who uses a bow and arrow?
1	The Aztecs	(The Aztecs, also used, bows and arrows and spears)	(?, use, bow and arrow)	Who uses a bow and arrow?
1	Cupid	(Cupid, uses, his bow and arrow)	(?, use, bow and arrow)	Who uses a bow and arrow?
0	Other groups	(Other groups, use, both bows and arrow)	(?, use, bow and arrow)	Who uses a bow and arrow?
1	Hani	(Hani, uses, bows and arrows)	(?, use, bow and arrow)	Who uses a bow and arrow?
1	Link	(Link, uses, a bow and arrow)	(?, use, bow and arrow)	Who uses a bow and arrow?
0	no one	(no one, uses, bow and arrows)	(?, use, bow and arrow)	Who uses a bow and arrow?
0	players	(players, can also use, bows and arrows)	(?, use, bow and arrow)	Who uses a bow and arrow?
0	Both sides	(Both sides, used weapons like, bows and arrows)	(?, use, bow and arrow)	Who uses a bow and arrow?
1	Europe works	(Europe works, develop, jazz music)	(?, develop, Jazz music)	Who developed Jazz music?
0	Jones	(Jones, developed an interest in, jazz music)	(?, develop, Jazz music)	Who developed Jazz music?
0	Mumbles	(Mumbles, developed an ear for, jazz and hip-hop music)	(?, develop, Jazz music)	Who developed Jazz music?
0	music cultures	(music cultures, has developed, a Jazz and world music theory)	(?, develop, Jazz music)	Who developed Jazz music?
0	the piano	(the piano, developed a taste for, Jazz music)	(?, develop, Jazz music)	Who developed Jazz music?
0	quickstep	(quickstep, was developed for, jazz music)	(?, develop, Jazz music)	Who developed Jazz music?
0	students	(students, develop a heightened awareness for, jazz music)	(?, develop, Jazz music)	Who developed Jazz music?
1	Houston	(NASA, is located in, Houston)	(NASA, located in, ?)	Where is NASA located?
1	Pasadena	(NASA’s Jet Propulsion Laboratory, located in, Pasadena)	(NASA, located in, ?)	Where is NASA located?
0	this base	(NASA CIR film, was allegedly useful in locating, this base)	(NASA, located in, ?)	Where is NASA located?
1	Cleveland	(NASA’s Glenn Research Center, located in, Cleveland)	(NASA, located in, ?)	Where is NASA located?
1	Brook Park	(The NASA Glenn Research Center, is located in, Brook Park)	(NASA, located in, ?)	Where is NASA located?
1	California	(the ten NASA centers, are located in, California)	(NASA, located in, ?)	Where is NASA located?
1	central Washington	(NASA Headquarters, is located in, central Washington)	(NASA, located in, ?)	Where is NASA located?
0	the desert right	(NASA DFRC, is located in, the desert right)	(NASA, located in, ?)	Where is NASA located?
1	Fairmont WV	(Our NASA department, is located in, Fairmont WV)	(NASA, located in, ?)	Where is NASA located?
1	Goddard Space Flight	(The NASA IUE Observatory, was located in, Goddard Space Flight)	(NASA, located in, ?)	Where is NASA located?
1	Greenbelt	(NASA Goddard Space Flight Center, located in, Greenbelt)	(NASA, located in, ?)	Where is NASA located?
1	Hampton	(NASA Langley Research Center, located in, Hampton)	(NASA, located in, ?)	Where is NASA located?
1	Hancock County	(NASA’s John C. Stennis Space Center, located in, Hancock County)	(NASA, located in, ?)	Where is NASA located?
1	Nassau Bay	(Microtel Inn & Suites Nasa, is located in, Nassau Bay)	(NASA, located in, ?)	Where is NASA located?
1	Pomona	(the NASA/JPL Educator Resource Center, located in, Pomona)	(NASA, located in, ?)	Where is NASA located?
1	the Scilands	(NASA eEducation, is located in, the Scilands)	(NASA, located in, ?)	Where is NASA located?
0	the Southern skies	(NASA, has located a massive black object in, the Southern skies)	(NASA, located in, ?)	Where is NASA located?
1	Spain	(the several NASA and ESA stations, located in, Spain)	(NASA, located in, ?)	Where is NASA located?
0	Thule	(the NASA team, is located in, Thule)	(NASA, located in, ?)	Where is NASA located?
1	1829	(Georgetown College, founded in, 1829)	(Georgetown college, founded in, ?)	When was Georgetown college founded?
1	1839	(Georgetown College, was founded in, 1839)	(Georgetown college, founded in, ?)	When was Georgetown college founded?
0	this one	(this one, was about drawing, an animal) (This one, has, feathers)	$x: ($x, is, an animal) ($x, has, feathers)	What animals have feathers?
0	someone	(someone, was, an animal) (someone, has ruffled, feathers)	$x: ($x, is, an animal) ($x, has, feathers)	What animals have feathers?
0	Animals	(Animals, is, an international animal rights) (animals, have, feathers)	$x: ($x, is, an animal) ($x, has, feathers)	What animals have feathers?
0	people	(people, will be, an animal) (people, had, feathers)	$x: ($x, is, an animal) ($x, has, feathers)	What animals have feathers?
1	Birds	(Birds, are another example of, an animal) (Birds, had, feathers)	$x: ($x, is, an animal) ($x, has, feathers)	What animals have feathers?
0	Everyone	(Everyone, was, an animal) (everyone, had, feathers)	$x: ($x, is, an animal) ($x, has, feathers)	What animals have feathers?
0	A horse	(A horse, is, an animal) (a horse, has, feathers)	$x: ($x, is, an animal) ($x, has, feathers)	What animals have feathers?
0	The man	(The man, is, an animal) (The man, had, feathers)	$x: ($x, is, an animal) ($x, has, feathers)	What animals have feathers?
0	meat	(meat, was once, an animal) (meat, had, feathers)	$x: ($x, is, an animal) ($x, has, feathers)	What animals have feathers?
0	an animal	(an animal, is, an animal or) (an animal, has, feathers)	$x: ($x, is, an animal) ($x, has, feathers)	What animals have feathers?
1	the bird	(the bird, is, an animal with an inside and an outside) (the bird, has, feathers)	$x: ($x, is, an animal) ($x, has, feathers)	What animals have feathers?
0	dogs	(dogs, are named after, an animal) (dogs, has, feathers)	$x: ($x, is, an animal) ($x, has, feathers)	What animals have feathers?
0	Others	(Others, have to be passed through, an animal) (others, had, feathers)	$x: ($x, is, an animal) ($x, has, feathers)	What animals have feathers?
0	The child	(The child, to be, an animal) (The child, has, feathers)	$x: ($x, is, an animal) ($x, has, feathers)	What animals have feathers?
0	pigs	(pigs, are, an animal reservoir) (pigs, have, feathers)	$x: ($x, is, an animal) ($x, has, feathers)	What animals have feathers?
0	the body	(the body, is, an animal) (the body, has, feathers)	$x: ($x, is, an animal) ($x, has, feathers)	What animals have feathers?
0	God	(God, was, an animal) (God, has, feathers)	$x: ($x, is, an animal) ($x, has, feathers)	What animals have feathers?
0	Many	(Many, are patterned after, an animal) (many, have, feathers)	$x: ($x, is, an animal) ($x, has, feathers)	What animals have feathers?
0	most	(most, importantly has been taken from, an abused animal) (most, have sharply, feathers)	$x: ($x, is, an animal) ($x, has, feathers)	What animals have feathers?
1	Penguins	(Penguins, are, an order of Aquatic animal) (Penguins, have, feathers)	$x: ($x, is, an animal) ($x, has, feathers)	What animals have feathers?
1	the freezer	(Bell peppers, can also be stored in, the freezer)	(bell pepper, stored in, ?)	What are bell peppers stored in?
0	the sealed	(Dried Bell Peppers, may be stored in, the sealed)	(bell pepper, stored in, ?)	What are bell peppers stored in?
1	language	(computer, understood, language)	 (computer, understand, ?)	What do computers understand?
0	these numbers	(the computer, understands, these numbers)	 (computer, understand, ?)	What do computers understand?
1	data	(computer, understand, data)	 (computer, understand, ?)	What do computers understand?
1	English	(Computers, understand, English)	 (computer, understand, ?)	What do computers understand?
1	natural language	(computers, understood, natural language)	 (computer, understand, ?)	What do computers understand?
1	human language	(computers, understand, human language)	 (computer, understand, ?)	What do computers understand?
0	all this	(Human Computer Interaction workers, understand, all this)	 (computer, understand, ?)	What do computers understand?
0	your commands	(the computer, understand, your commands)	 (computer, understand, ?)	What do computers understand?
0	computers	(Computer scientists, understand, computers)	 (computer, understand, ?)	What do computers understand?
1	humans	(The computer, understand, humans)	 (computer, understand, ?)	What do computers understand?
1	the information	(computers, understand, the information)	 (computer, understand, ?)	What do computers understand?
1	machine language	(Computers, only understand, machine language)	 (computer, understand, ?)	What do computers understand?
1	text	(computers, understand, text)	 (computer, understand, ?)	What do computers understand?
1	words	(computers, understand, words)	 (computer, understand, ?)	What do computers understand?
1	images	(computers, understand, images)	 (computer, understand, ?)	What do computers understand?
1	the instructions	(the computer, to understand, the instructions)	 (computer, understand, ?)	What do computers understand?
1	music	(computers, understand, music)	 (computer, understand, ?)	What do computers understand?
0	my state	(“My computer, has a good understanding of, my state)	 (computer, understand, ?)	What do computers understand?
0	people	(computers, understand, people)	 (computer, understand, ?)	What do computers understand?
0	your problem	(your computer, understand, your problem)	 (computer, understand, ?)	What do computers understand?
1	the east	(the sun, rising in, the east)	(the sun, rises in, ?)	Where does the sun rise?
1	the morning	(The sun, rose in, the morning)	(the sun, rises in, ?)	Where does the sun rise?
1	the West	(the Suns, rising in, the West)	(the sun, rises in, ?)	Where does the sun rise?
0	the east sets	(The sun, rises in, the east sets)	(the sun, rises in, ?)	Where does the sun rise?
1	the sky	(The Sun, rose in, the sky)	(the sun, rises in, ?)	Where does the sun rise?
0	his eyes	(The sun, rose in, his eyes)	(the sun, rises in, ?)	Where does the sun rise?
0	glory	(The sun, rose in, glory)	(the sun, rises in, ?)	Where does the sun rise?
0	his strength	(the sun, rose in, his strength)	(the sun, rises in, ?)	Where does the sun rise?
1	winter	(the sun, rises in, winter)	(the sun, rises in, ?)	Where does the sun rise?
0	the background	(The sun, rises in, the background)	(the sun, rises in, ?)	Where does the sun rise?
0	a city	(the sun, rises in, a city)	(the sun, rises in, ?)	Where does the sun rise?
1	the east every morning	(The sun, rises in, the east every morning)	(the sun, rises in, ?)	Where does the sun rise?
1	the evening	(The Sun, rose in, the evening)	(the sun, rises in, ?)	Where does the sun rise?
1	March	(the Sun, rises in, March)	(the sun, rises in, ?)	Where does the sun rise?
0	the morning and sets	(“The sun, rises in, the morning and sets)	(the sun, rises in, ?)	Where does the sun rise?
1	splendor	(The sun, rose in, splendor)	(the sun, rises in, ?)	Where does the sun rise?
0	the other	(the sun, rises in, the other)	(the sun, rises in, ?)	Where does the sun rise?
1	Africa	(The sun, rises in, Africa)	(the sun, rises in, ?)	Where does the sun rise?
1	the afternoon	(the sun, rises in, the afternoon)	(the sun, rises in, ?)	Where does the sun rise?
1	Anchorage	(The sun, rises in, Anchorage)	(the sun, rises in, ?)	Where does the sun rise?
1	India	(India, to be the worlds, largest country)	(?, is, largest country)	What is the largest country?
1	China	(China, is, the largest developing country)	(?, is, largest country)	What is the largest country?
0	Indonesia	(Indonesia, is, the largest Islamic country)	(?, is, largest country)	What is the largest country?
0	the United States	(the United States, is, the largest resettlement country)	(?, is, largest country)	What is the largest country?
0	Brazil	(Brazil, is, the largest Catholic country)	(?, is, largest country)	What is the largest country?
0	Facebook	(Facebook, would be, the third largest country)	(?, is, largest country)	What is the largest country?
0	Australia	(Australia, is, the sixth largest country)	(?, is, largest country)	What is the largest country?
1	Russia	(Russia, is the worlds, largest country)	(?, is, largest country)	What is the largest country?
0	America	(America, was, the largest capitalist country)	(?, is, largest country)	What is the largest country?
0	Mexico	(Mexico, is, the largest sending country)	(?, is, largest country)	What is the largest country?
1	Canada	(Canada, is, the largest country)	(?, is, largest country)	What is the largest country?
1	Germany	(Germany, is, the largest country)	(?, is, largest country)	What is the largest country?
1	Turkey	(Turkey, is also one of, the largest countries)	(?, is, largest country)	What is the largest country?
1	the UK	(the UK, was, the largest country)	(?, is, largest country)	What is the largest country?
0	Bangladesh	(Bangladesh, is, the largest Muslim country)	(?, is, largest country)	What is the largest country?
0	Egypt	(Egypt, is, the largest Arab country)	(?, is, largest country)	What is the largest country?
1	Sudan	(Sudan, is, the largest country)	(?, is, largest country)	What is the largest country?
1	Ukraine	(Ukraine, is, the largest country)	(?, is, largest country)	What is the largest country?
0	Algeria	(Algeria, also happens to be, the second largest country)	(?, is, largest country)	What is the largest country?
0	a country	(a country, is, the largest country)	(?, is, largest country)	What is the largest country?
1	Brutus	(Brutus, betrayed, Caesar)	(?, betrayed, Caesar)	Who betrayed Caesar?
1	Xena	(Xena, was betrayed by, Caesar)	(?, betrayed, Caesar)	Who betrayed Caesar?
1	Cassius and Brutus	(Cassius and Brutus, betrayed, Julius Caesar)	(?, betrayed, Caesar)	Who betrayed Caesar?
0	age determination	(Fish scales, were clipped for, age determination)	(fish scales, be for, ?)	What are fish scales for?
0	the demise	(small-scaled game fish, are blamed for, the demise)	(fish scales, be for, ?)	What are fish scales for?
0	fish	(large-scale fishing, is good for, fish)	(fish scales, be for, ?)	What are fish scales for?
0	food security	(small-scale fishing, is vital for, food security)	(fish scales, be for, ?)	What are fish scales for?
0	all kinds	(the fish scale, be the basis for, all kinds)	(fish scales, be for, ?)	What are fish scales for?
0	photomicrography	(Stained fish scales, are good candidates for, photomicrography)	(fish scales, be for, ?)	What are fish scales for?
0	the pitched roof extension	(fish scale slates, will be used for, the pitched roof extension)	(fish scales, be for, ?)	What are fish scales for?
0	the pull test	(A digital fish scale, will be used for, the pull test)	(fish scales, be for, ?)	What are fish scales for?
0	this type	(fish-scale shingles, is perfect for, this type)	(fish scales, be for, ?)	What are fish scales for?
1	November 11 , 1974	(Leonardo DiCaprio, was born on, November 11 , 1974)	(leonardo dicaprio, born on, ?)	When was Leonardo DiCaprio born?
1	the 11th	(Green Leonardo Wilhelm DiCaprio, was born on, the 11th)	(leonardo dicaprio, born on, ?)	When was Leonardo DiCaprio born?
1	November	(Leonardo Wilhelm DiCaprio, was born on, November)	(leonardo dicaprio, born on, ?)	When was Leonardo DiCaprio born?
0	… Continue reading	(Leonardo Wilhelm DiCaprio, was born on, … Continue reading)	(leonardo dicaprio, born on, ?)	When was Leonardo DiCaprio born?
0	their car big time	(water vapor, came out from under, their car big time)	(water vapor, come from, ?)	Where does water vapor come from?
1	Enceladus	(water vapor, coming from, Enceladus)	(water vapor, come from, ?)	Where does water vapor come from?
1	evaporation	(the water vapor, comes from, evaporation)	(water vapor, come from, ?)	Where does water vapor come from?
1	icy grains	(The water vapor, probably comes from, icy grains)	(water vapor, come from, ?)	Where does water vapor come from?
0	inadequate blade area	(water-vapor, comes from, inadequate blade area)	(water vapor, come from, ?)	Where does water vapor come from?
1	lakes	(Water vapor, comes from, lakes)	(water vapor, come from, ?)	Where does water vapor come from?
1	natural sources	(Water vapor, comes from, natural sources)	(water vapor, come from, ?)	Where does water vapor come from?
0	a pot	(water vapor, come up from, a pot)	(water vapor, come from, ?)	Where does water vapor come from?
0	the tip	(water vapor, comes from, the tip)	(water vapor, come from, ?)	Where does water vapor come from?
0	two sources	(This water vapor, comes from, two sources)	(water vapor, come from, ?)	Where does water vapor come from?
1	the warm water evaporating	(the water vapor, comes from, the warm water evaporating)	(water vapor, come from, ?)	Where does water vapor come from?
1	crows	(crows, are natural predators of, squirrels)	(?, predator of, squirrel)	What are predators of squirrels?
1	humans Humans	(humans Humans, are the main predators of, grey squirrels)	(?, predator of, squirrel)	What are predators of squirrels?
1	All the protons	(All the protons, have, positive charge)	(?, have, "positive charge")	What things are positively charged?
1	The anti-e	(The anti-e, has, positive charge)	(?, have, "positive charge")	What things are positively charged?
1	the atomic core	(the atomic core, has, positive charge)	(?, have, "positive charge")	What things are positively charged?
0	the cloud	(the cloud, may have an excess of, positive charge)	(?, have, "positive charge")	What things are positively charged?
1	the electron	(the electron, has one unit of, positive charge)	(?, have, "positive charge")	What things are positively charged?
0	This fiber	(This fiber, has, positive charge)	(?, have, "positive charge")	What things are positively charged?
0	a helix	(a helix, has a buildup of, positive charge)	(?, have, "positive charge")	What things are positively charged?
1	the hydrogen atoms	(the hydrogen atoms, have bits of, positive charge)	(?, have, "positive charge")	What things are positively charged?
0	the hydrogen side	(the hydrogen side, has a slight excess of, positive charge)	(?, have, "positive charge")	What things are positively charged?
0	One	(One, will have, positive charge)	(?, have, "positive charge")	What things are positively charged?
0	One material	(One material, has a surplus of, positive charge)	(?, have, "positive charge")	What things are positively charged?
0	our ordinary time sense	(our ordinary time sense, have, positive charge)	(?, have, "positive charge")	What things are positively charged?
1	A positron	(A positron, has, positive charge)	(?, have, "positive charge")	What things are positively charged?
0	residues	(residues, has an unusually high density of, positive charge)	(?, have, "positive charge")	What things are positively charged?
1	Tin ions	(Tin ions, have, positive charge)	(?, have, "positive charge")	What things are positively charged?
0	The top plate	(The top plate, has an excess of, positive charge)	(?, have, "positive charge")	What things are positively charged?
1	David Miller	(David Miller, is the mayor of, Toronto)	(?, is mayor of, Toronto)	Who is the mayor of Toronto?
1	Rob Ford	(Rob Ford, is the mayor of, Toronto)	(?, is mayor of, Toronto)	Who is the mayor of Toronto?
1	Art Eggleton	(Art Eggleton, was mayor of, Toronto)	(?, is mayor of, Toronto)	Who is the mayor of Toronto?
0	the award	(the award, was a the mayor of, Toronto)	(?, is mayor of, Toronto)	Who is the mayor of Toronto?
1	Barbara Hall	(Barbara Hall, was mayor of, Toronto)	(?, is mayor of, Toronto)	Who is the mayor of Toronto?
0	Canada	(Canada, [is] the mayor of, Toronto)	(?, is mayor of, Toronto)	Who is the mayor of Toronto?
0	David Crombie	(David Crombie, was the mayor of, the Toronto)	(?, is mayor of, Toronto)	Who is the mayor of Toronto?
1	Ford	(Ford, is the mayor of, Toronto)	(?, is mayor of, Toronto)	Who is the mayor of Toronto?
1	John Sewell	(John Sewell, is a former mayor of, Toronto)	(?, is mayor of, Toronto)	Who is the mayor of Toronto?
1	Nathan Phillips	(Nathan Phillips, was mayor of, Toronto)	(?, is mayor of, Toronto)	Who is the mayor of Toronto?
0	who	(who, was the Mayor of, Toronto)	(?, is mayor of, Toronto)	Who is the mayor of Toronto?
1	William Lyon Mackenzie	(William Lyon Mackenzie, was elected Mayor of, Toronto)	(?, is mayor of, Toronto)	Who is the mayor of Toronto?
0	the 1890s	(the 1890s, had been elected Mayor of, Toronto)	(?, is mayor of, Toronto)	Who is the mayor of Toronto?
0	2006 David Miller	(2006 David Miller, was re-elected mayor of, Toronto)	(?, is mayor of, Toronto)	Who is the mayor of Toronto?
0	an alderman	(an alderman, was Mayor of, Toronto 1871-72)	(?, is mayor of, Toronto)	Who is the mayor of Toronto?
1	architect Joseph Sheard	(architect Joseph Sheard, was also mayor of, Toronto)	(?, is mayor of, Toronto)	Who is the mayor of Toronto?
1	Bob Ford	(Bob Ford, will be mayor of, Toronto)	(?, is mayor of, Toronto)	Who is the mayor of Toronto?
0	brother	(brother, was deputy mayor of, Toronto)	(?, is mayor of, Toronto)	Who is the mayor of Toronto?
0	the City Council	(the City Council, was Mayor of, Toronto)	(?, is mayor of, Toronto)	Who is the mayor of Toronto?
0	the Faculty	(the Faculty, is a three-term mayor of, Toronto)	(?, is mayor of, Toronto)	Who is the mayor of Toronto?
0	All	(All, are necessary for, survival)	(?, is necessary for, survival)	What is necessary for survival?
1	water	(water, nearby is necessary for, survival)	(?, is necessary for, survival)	What is necessary for survival?
1	Fear	(Fear, is necessary for, survival)	(?, is necessary for, survival)	What is necessary for survival?
1	The liver	(The liver, is necessary for, survival)	(?, is necessary for, survival)	What is necessary for survival?
1	Food	(Food, is necessary for, survival)	(?, is necessary for, survival)	What is necessary for survival?
1	life	(life, are even necessary for, survival)	(?, is necessary for, survival)	What is necessary for survival?
1	Sleep	(Sleep, is necessary for, survival)	(?, is necessary for, survival)	What is necessary for survival?
1	stress	(stress, is necessary for, survival)	(?, is necessary for, survival)	What is necessary for survival?
1	adaptation	(adaptation, was necessary for, survival)	(?, is necessary for, survival)	What is necessary for survival?
0	this behavior	(this behavior, was necessary for, survival)	(?, is necessary for, survival)	What is necessary for survival?
1	the body	(the body, is necessary for, survival)	(?, is necessary for, survival)	What is necessary for survival?
0	your brain	(your brain, were necessary for, survival)	(?, is necessary for, survival)	What is necessary for survival?
1	Ego	(Ego, is necessary for, survival)	(?, is necessary for, survival)	What is necessary for survival?
1	Fat	(Fat, is more necessary for, survival)	(?, is necessary for, survival)	What is necessary for survival?
0	the group	(the group, was necessary for, survival)	(?, is necessary for, survival)	What is necessary for survival?
0	an individual	(an individual, was necessary for, survival)	(?, is necessary for, survival)	What is necessary for survival?
0	no law	(no law, is necessary for, survival)	(?, is necessary for, survival)	What is necessary for survival?
0	The one	(The one, is necessary for, survival)	(?, is necessary for, survival)	What is necessary for survival?
0	The process	(The process, is absolutely necessary for, survival)	(?, is necessary for, survival)	What is necessary for survival?
1	Reason	(Reason, is absolutely necessary for, survival)	(?, is necessary for, survival)	What is necessary for survival?
1	50 years	(Freshwater Crocodiles, can live for up to, 50 years)	(crocodiles, live for, ?)	How long do crocodiles live?
1	70 years	(Crocodiles, can live for, 70 years)	(crocodiles, live for, ?)	How long do crocodiles live?
0	captive breeding	(A few individual crocodiles, are living for, captive breeding)	(crocodiles, live for, ?)	How long do crocodiles live?
1	least 50 years	(Crocodiles and Alligators, can live for at, least 50 years)	(crocodiles, live for, ?)	How long do crocodiles live?
1	many months	(Crocodiles, can live for, many months)	(crocodiles, live for, ?)	How long do crocodiles live?
1	months	(Crocodiles, can live for, months)	(crocodiles, live for, ?)	How long do crocodiles live?
1	more than 100 years	(Saltwater crocodiles, can live for, more than 100 years)	(crocodiles, live for, ?)	How long do crocodiles live?
1	three hundred years	(Crocodiles, live for, three hundred years)	(crocodiles, live for, ?)	How long do crocodiles live?
0	a very	(a crocodile, has lived for, a very)	(crocodiles, live for, ?)	How long do crocodiles live?
1	life	(life, is important for, happiness)	(?, important for, happiness)	What is important for happiness?
1	the earth	(the earth, is more important for, our future happiness)	(?, important for, happiness)	What is important for happiness?
1	Friends	(Friends, are so important for, your happiness)	(?, important for, happiness)	What is important for happiness?
1	good health	(good health, is extremely important for, happiness)	(?, important for, happiness)	What is important for happiness?
1	love	(love, is important for, happiness)	(?, important for, happiness)	What is important for happiness?
1	Money	(Money, is most important for, happiness)	(?, important for, happiness)	What is important for happiness?
0	& rsquo	(& rsquo, s important for, your own happiness and satisfaction)	(?, important for, happiness)	What is important for happiness?
0	2005-09-09	(2005-09-09, often is important for, your health and happiness)	(?, important for, happiness)	What is important for happiness?
1	belongingness	(belongingness, is especially important for, happiness)	(?, important for, happiness)	What is important for happiness?
0	the body	(the body, is an important activity for, happiness)	(?, important for, happiness)	What is important for happiness?
1	character	(character, would be important for, their success and happiness)	(?, important for, happiness)	What is important for happiness?
0	chicken care	(chicken care, is most important for, the happiness)	(?, important for, happiness)	What is important for happiness?
1	a clean home	(a clean home, is very important for, your health and happiness)	(?, important for, happiness)	What is important for happiness?
0	a critical factor	(a critical factor, are important for, your success and happiness)	(?, important for, happiness)	What is important for happiness?
0	day	(day, out is important for, programmer happiness)	(?, important for, happiness)	What is important for happiness?
1	the Dhamma	(the Dhamma, are important factors for, happiness)	(?, important for, happiness)	What is important for happiness?
1	Eating	(Eating, Well is Important for, Happiness)	(?, important for, happiness)	What is important for happiness?
1	enduring marriages	(enduring marriages, are important for, the happiness)	(?, important for, happiness)	What is important for happiness?
1	The esteem/ego needs	(The esteem/ego needs, are also important for, our happiness)	(?, important for, happiness)	What is important for happiness?
1	everyday life	(everyday life, is very important for, balance and happiness)	(?, important for, happiness)	What is important for happiness?
1	diabetes	(insulin, is for, diabetes)	(insulin, is for, ?)	What is insulin for?
1	the body	(Insulin, is needed for, the body)	(insulin, is for, ?)	What is insulin for?
1	people	(insulin, was for, people)	(insulin, is for, ?)	What is insulin for?
1	diabetics	(insulin, was for, diabetics)	(insulin, is for, ?)	What is insulin for?
0	these patients	(insulin, was initiated for, these patients)	(insulin, is for, ?)	What is insulin for?
1	treatment	(Insulin, is only for, treatment)	(insulin, is for, ?)	What is insulin for?
0	use	(insulin, are available for, use)	(insulin, is for, ?)	What is insulin for?
1	type 1 diabetes	(insulin, is reserved for, type 1 diabetes)	(insulin, is for, ?)	What is insulin for?
0	the cells	(Insulin, is needed for, the cells)	(insulin, is for, ?)	What is insulin for?
1	life	(Insulin, is incredibly important for, life)	(insulin, is for, ?)	What is insulin for?
0	control	(Insulin, is very important for, control)	(insulin, is for, ?)	What is insulin for?
0	the conversion	(insulin, is solely responsible for, the conversion)	(insulin, is for, ?)	What is insulin for?
0	the metabolism	(Insulin, is vital for, the metabolism)	(insulin, is for, ?)	What is insulin for?
1	survival	(insulin, is needed for, survival)	(insulin, is for, ?)	What is insulin for?
0	the transport	(Insulin, is essential for, the transport)	(insulin, is for, ?)	What is insulin for?
0	type	(Insulin, is of value for, type)	(insulin, is for, ?)	What is insulin for?
0	the uptake	(insulin, is also responsible for, the uptake)	(insulin, is for, ?)	What is insulin for?
0	each	(Insulin, is required for, each)	(insulin, is for, ?)	What is insulin for?
0	28 days	(Insulin, can be unrefrigerated for up to, 28 days)	(insulin, is for, ?)	What is insulin for?
0	glucose	(Insulin, is required for, glucose)	(insulin, is for, ?)	What is insulin for?
1	All water	(All water, used for, cooking or drinking) (all water, used for, cleaning)	$x: ($x, used for, cooking) ($x, used for, cleaning)	What is used for both cooking and cleaning?
1	Wood	(Wood, was used for, cooking) (wood, should be used for, cleaning)	$x: ($x, used for, cooking) ($x, used for, cleaning)	What is used for both cooking and cleaning?
1	Olive oil	(Olive oil, should be used for, cooking) (Olive oil, has been used for, cleaning)	$x: ($x, used for, cooking) ($x, used for, cleaning)	What is used for both cooking and cleaning?
0	people	(people, used these for, cooking) (people, use them for, cleaning)	$x: ($x, used for, cooking) ($x, used for, cleaning)	What is used for both cooking and cleaning?
1	Oil	(Oil, used for, cooking) (Oil, was used for, cleaning purposes)	$x: ($x, used for, cooking) ($x, used for, cleaning)	What is used for both cooking and cleaning?
0	The method	(The method, used for, cooking) (the method, used for, cleaning)	$x: ($x, used for, cooking) ($x, used for, cleaning)	What is used for both cooking and cleaning?
0	the one	(the one, used for, cooking) (The one, used for, cleaning)	$x: ($x, used for, cooking) ($x, used for, cleaning)	What is used for both cooking and cleaning?
1	steam	(steam, is used for, cooking) (steam, to be used for, cleaning)	$x: ($x, used for, cooking) ($x, used for, cleaning)	What is used for both cooking and cleaning?
1	any water	(any water, used for, drinking or cooking) (any water, used for, cleaning)	$x: ($x, used for, cooking) ($x, used for, cleaning)	What is used for both cooking and cleaning?
1	baking soda	(baking soda, can be used for, cooking) (baking soda, can be used for, cleaning)	$x: ($x, used for, cooking) ($x, used for, cleaning)	What is used for both cooking and cleaning?
0	the equipment	(the equipment, used for, cooking) (the equipment, used for, cleaning)	$x: ($x, used for, cooking) ($x, used for, cleaning)	What is used for both cooking and cleaning?
1	some herbs	(some herbs, can be used for, cooking) (Some herbs, used for, colon cleaning)	$x: ($x, used for, cooking) ($x, used for, cleaning)	What is used for both cooking and cleaning?
0	the item	(the item, can be used for, cooking) (the item, used for, cleaning)	$x: ($x, used for, cooking) ($x, used for, cleaning)	What is used for both cooking and cleaning?
0	The materials	(The materials, used for, cooking) (the materials, are used for, cleaning)	$x: ($x, used for, cooking) ($x, used for, cleaning)	What is used for both cooking and cleaning?
0	the products	(the products, used for, cooking) (the products, used for, cleaning)	$x: ($x, used for, cooking) ($x, used for, cleaning)	What is used for both cooking and cleaning?
0	the tools	(the tools, used for, cooking) (the tools, used for, cleaning)	$x: ($x, used for, cooking) ($x, used for, cleaning)	What is used for both cooking and cleaning?
1	clay	(clay, were used for, storage and cooking) (clay, to use for, cleaning buckskin)	$x: ($x, used for, cooking) ($x, used for, cleaning)	What is used for both cooking and cleaning?
1	corn	(corn, is used widely for, cooking) (Corn, can be used for, cleaning)	$x: ($x, used for, cooking) ($x, used for, cleaning)	What is used for both cooking and cleaning?
0	FEATURES	(FEATURES, Can also be used for, conventional cooking) (Features, Also use for, cleaning)	$x: ($x, used for, cooking) ($x, used for, cleaning)	What is used for both cooking and cleaning?
0	the industry	(the industry, is used for, cooking) (the industry, used for, cleaning)	$x: ($x, used for, cooking) ($x, used for, cleaning)	What is used for both cooking and cleaning?
1	Bacterial infections	(Bacterial infections, can be cured by, antibiotics)	($x, cured by, antibiotics)	What is cured by antibiotics?
0	the diseases	(the diseases, cured by, antibiotics)	($x, cured by, antibiotics)	What is cured by antibiotics?
1	Infections	(Infections, are cured by applying, antibiotics)	($x, cured by, antibiotics)	What is cured by antibiotics?
0	cannot	(cannot, be cured by, antibiotics)	($x, cured by, antibiotics)	What is cured by antibiotics?
1	Gonorrhea	(Gonorrhea, can be cured by, antibiotics)	($x, cured by, antibiotics)	What is cured by antibiotics?
1	Lyme Disease	(Lyme Disease, can be cured by, antibiotics)	($x, cured by, antibiotics)	What is cured by antibiotics?
1	The sinus infection	(The sinus infection, is cured by, antibiotics)	($x, cured by, antibiotics)	What is cured by antibiotics?
0	viral infections	(viral infections, cannot be cured by, antibiotics)	($x, cured by, antibiotics)	What is cured by antibiotics?
0	All	(All, can be cured by, antibiotics)	($x, cured by, antibiotics)	What is cured by antibiotics?
0	This acne cannot	(This acne cannot, be cured immediately by, antibiotics)	($x, cured by, antibiotics)	What is cured by antibiotics?
0	aware , bacterial sinusitis	(aware , bacterial sinusitis, can be cured by, antibiotics)	($x, cured by, antibiotics)	What is cured by antibiotics?
1	bacteria	(bacteria, can be cured by, antibiotics)	($x, cured by, antibiotics)	What is cured by antibiotics?
1	Bacterial vaginosis	(Bacterial vaginosis, can be cured by, antibiotics)	($x, cured by, antibiotics)	What is cured by antibiotics?
0	bacterial vaginosis won’t	(bacterial vaginosis won’t, be cured by, antibiotics)	($x, cured by, antibiotics)	What is cured by antibiotics?
0	birth	(birth, have been cured by, antibiotics)	($x, cured by, antibiotics)	What is cured by antibiotics?
1	Cancer	(Cancer, could be cured by, the correct antibiotic)	($x, cured by, antibiotics)	What is cured by antibiotics?
0	can’t	(can’t, be cured by, antibiotics)	($x, cured by, antibiotics)	What is cured by antibiotics?
0	some cases	(some cases, can be cured by, antibiotic treatment)	($x, cured by, antibiotics)	What is cured by antibiotics?
1	chlamydia	(chlamydia, can be easily cured by, antibiotics)	($x, cured by, antibiotics)	What is cured by antibiotics?
0	the Common Cold Colds cannot	(the Common Cold Colds cannot, be cured by, antibiotics)	($x, cured by, antibiotics)	What is cured by antibiotics?
1	Fire	(Fire, melts, Metal)	?, melts, metal	What melts metal?
1	the arc	(the arc, melts, the metal)	?, melts, metal	What melts metal?
1	heat	(heat, melts, metals)	?, melts, metal	What melts metal?
1	an electrode	(an electrode, melts, the metal)	?, melts, metal	What melts metal?
0	This process	(This process, melts, metal)	?, melts, metal	What melts metal?
1	The flame	(The flame, melts, the metal)	?, melts, metal	What melts metal?
1	the furnace	(the furnace, melted, scrap metal)	?, melts, metal	What melts metal?
0	paint	(paint, melt, metal surfaces)	?, melts, metal	What melts metal?
1	the temperature	(the temperature, molten, metals)	?, melts, metal	What melts metal?
1	the welding	(the welding, is to melt, metals)	?, melts, metal	What melts metal?
0	the earth	(the earth, became a molten mass of, metals)	?, melts, metal	What melts metal?
1	an electron beam	(an electron beam, melts, metal powder)	?, melts, metal	What melts metal?
0	a groove	(a groove, melts in, the base metal)	?, melts, metal	What melts metal?
0	the ground temperatures	(the ground temperatures, to melt, metal)	?, melts, metal	What melts metal?
0	a guy	(a guy, can melt, metal)	?, melts, metal	What melts metal?
1	a laser	(a laser, melts, the metal)	?, melts, metal	What melts metal?
0	metal casting	(metal casting, involves melting, metals)	?, melts, metal	What melts metal?
1	the plasma arc	(the plasma arc, melts, the metal)	?, melts, metal	What melts metal?
1	Precision heat pattern	(Precision heat pattern, melts, filler metal)	?, melts, metal	What melts metal?
1	the refiner	(the refiner, melts, the metal)	?, melts, metal	What melts metal?
1	coordination	(The cerebellum, is responsible for, coordination)	cerebellum, is for, ?	What is the cerebellum for?
1	motor coordination	(The cerebellum, is required for, motor coordination)	cerebellum, is for, ?	What is the cerebellum for?
1	movement	(The cerebellum, is responsible for coordinating, movement)	cerebellum, is for, ?	What is the cerebellum for?
0	the acquisition	(cerebellum, are believed to be critical for, the acquisition)	cerebellum, is for, ?	What is the cerebellum for?
0	this analysis	(The cerebellum, was chosen for, this analysis)	cerebellum, is for, ?	What is the cerebellum for?
1	attention	(the cerebellum, are believed to be responsible for, attention)	cerebellum, is for, ?	What is the cerebellum for?
1	balance	(The cerebellum, is important for, balance)	cerebellum, is for, ?	What is the cerebellum for?
1	balance and coordination	(The cerebellum, is responsible for, balance and coordination)	cerebellum, is for, ?	What is the cerebellum for?
1	the body’s balance	(The cerebellum, is responsible for, the body’s balance)	cerebellum, is for, ?	What is the cerebellum for?
0	brain size	(the cerebellum, were solely used to control for, brain size)	cerebellum, is for, ?	What is the cerebellum for?
0	close observation	(cerebellum, can be taken out for, close observation)	cerebellum, is for, ?	What is the cerebellum for?
1	co-ordination	(The cerebellum, is responsible for, co-ordination)	cerebellum, is for, ?	What is the cerebellum for?
1	coordinated motor activities	(The cerebellum, is required for, coordinated motor activities)	cerebellum, is for, ?	What is the cerebellum for?
1	coordination and balance	(The cerebellum, is responsible for, coordination and balance)	cerebellum, is for, ?	What is the cerebellum for?
0	deficits	(the cerebellum, are also responsible for, deficits)	cerebellum, is for, ?	What is the cerebellum for?
0	these forms	(the cerebellum, is critical for, these forms)	cerebellum, is for, ?	What is the cerebellum for?
0	its function	(The cerebellum, is considered significant for, its function)	cerebellum, is for, ?	What is the cerebellum for?
0	some functions	(The cerebellum, is responsible for, some functions)	cerebellum, is for, ?	What is the cerebellum for?
0	those interested	(The cerebellum, is fertile ground for, those interested)	cerebellum, is for, ?	What is the cerebellum for?
0	life	(our brainstem and cerebellum, are vital for, life)	cerebellum, is for, ?	What is the cerebellum for?
1	penguins	(Leopard seals, eat, penguins)	leopard seal, eat, ?	What do leopard seals eat?
0	any animal	(the Leopard seal, will eat just about, any animal)	leopard seal, eat, ?	What do leopard seals eat?
0	fourteen young penguins	(a leopard seal, eat, fourteen young penguins)	leopard seal, eat, ?	What do leopard seals eat?
0	a mommy penguin	(the leopard seal, ate, a mommy penguin)	leopard seal, eat, ?	What do leopard seals eat?
1	a penguin	(a Leopard seal, eating, a penguin)	leopard seal, eat, ?	What do leopard seals eat?
0	an unusually high level	(Leopard Seals, eat, an unusually high level)	leopard seal, eat, ?	What do leopard seals eat?
1	Sternheimer	(Sternheimer, studied, quantum physics)	?, study, quantum physics	Who studies quantum physics?
0	Alan	(Alan, had begun to study, quantum physics)	?, study, quantum physics	Who studies quantum physics?
0	Carol	(Carol, studied, quantum physics)	?, study, quantum physics	Who studies quantum physics?
0	his colleagues	(his colleagues, study, quantum many-body physics)	?, study, quantum physics	Who studies quantum physics?
0	an IQ	(an IQ, hopes to study, quantum physics)	?, study, quantum physics	Who studies quantum physics?
0	I’ve	(I’ve, studied, quantum physics)	?, study, quantum physics	Who studies quantum physics?
0	Kelly	(Kelly, went on to study, Quantum Physics)	?, study, quantum physics	Who studies quantum physics?
0	The more I	(The more I, study the subatomic world of, quantum physics)	?, study, quantum physics	Who studies quantum physics?
1	Ms Marais	(Ms Marais, started studying, quantum physics)	?, study, quantum physics	Who studies quantum physics?
0	My hobby	(My hobby, is studying, quantum physics)	?, study, quantum physics	Who studies quantum physics?
0	people	(people, study, quantum physics)	?, study, quantum physics	Who studies quantum physics?
1	a Ph.D.	(a Ph.D., studied, quantum physics)	?, study, quantum physics	Who studies quantum physics?
0	psi phenomena	(psi phenomena, have studied, quantum physics)	?, study, quantum physics	Who studies quantum physics?
1	scientist	(scientist, studying, quantum physics)	?, study, quantum physics	Who studies quantum physics?
1	scientists	(scientists, study, quantum physics)	?, study, quantum physics	Who studies quantum physics?
0	ultracold atoms	(ultracold atoms, study key models of, quantum many-body physics)	?, study, quantum physics	Who studies quantum physics?
1	rain	(The fresh water, comes from, rain)	fresh water, come from, ?	Where does fresh water come from?
1	the mountains	(fresh water, coming from, the mountains)	fresh water, come from, ?	Where does fresh water come from?
1	a desalination plant	(Fresh water, came from, a desalination plant)	fresh water, come from, ?	Where does fresh water come from?
1	a spring	(Fresh water, comes from, a spring)	fresh water, come from, ?	Where does fresh water come from?
1	a stream	(fresh water, comes from, a stream)	fresh water, come from, ?	Where does fresh water come from?
0	3 rivers	(Fresh water, comes from, 3 rivers)	fresh water, come from, ?	Where does fresh water come from?
1	Arizona	(the only fresh water, is coming from, Arizona)	fresh water, come from, ?	Where does fresh water come from?
0	the belly	(fresh water, comes from, the belly)	fresh water, come from, ?	Where does fresh water come from?
1	the Biffy	(only fresh water, comes from, the Biffy)	fresh water, come from, ?	Where does fresh water come from?
1	boreholes	(fresh water, comes from, boreholes)	fresh water, come from, ?	Where does fresh water come from?
1	the brook	(the fresh water, coming from, the brook)	fresh water, come from, ?	Where does fresh water come from?
0	this cabin	(fresh and salt water types, came from, this cabin)	fresh water, come from, ?	Where does fresh water come from?
1	the Colorado River	('s fresh water supply, comes from, the Colorado River)	fresh water, come from, ?	Where does fresh water come from?
1	a creek	(Fresh water, came from, a creek)	fresh water, come from, ?	Where does fresh water come from?
1	a deep well	(This fresh water, came from, a deep well)	fresh water, come from, ?	Where does fresh water come from?
1	the Derbyshire hills	(the fresh water, came from, the Derbyshire hills)	fresh water, come from, ?	Where does fresh water come from?
1	Escondido Creek	(Most fresh water, comes from, Escondido Creek)	fresh water, come from, ?	Where does fresh water come from?
0	flesh	(no fresh water, comes from, flesh)	fresh water, come from, ?	Where does fresh water come from?
1	forest-covered mountains	(fresh water, comes from, forest-covered mountains)	fresh water, come from, ?	Where does fresh water come from?
1	forested watersheds	('s accessible fresh water, comes from, forested watersheds)	fresh water, come from, ?	Where does fresh water come from?
1	your health	(Physical fitness, is good for, your health)	physical fitness, good for, ?	What is physical fitness good for?
1	the heart	(physical fitness, is good for, the heart)	physical fitness, good for, ?	What is physical fitness good for?
1	an unborn child	(physical fitness, may be good for, an unborn child)	physical fitness, good for, ?	What is physical fitness good for?
1	The Egyptians	(The Egyptians, built, pyramids)	?, built, pyramids	Who built the pyramids?
1	the ancient egyptians	(the ancient egyptians, built, pyramids)	?, built, pyramids	Who built the pyramids?
1	some of the Pharaohs	(some of the Pharaohs, building, pyramids)	?, built, pyramids	Who built the pyramids?
1	Aliens	(Aliens, built, pyramids)	?, built, pyramids	Who built the pyramids?
1	the slaves	(the slaves, building, pyramids)	?, built, pyramids	Who built the pyramids?
1	The Mayans	(The Mayans, built, pyramids)	?, built, pyramids	Who built the pyramids?
0	People	(People, built, pyramids)	?, built, pyramids	Who built the pyramids?
1	Egypt	(Egypt, built, Pyramids)	?, built, pyramids	Who built the pyramids?
1	Khufu	(Khufu, build, his pyramid)	?, built, pyramids	Who built the pyramids?
1	kings	(kings, built themselves, pyramids)	?, built, pyramids	Who built the pyramids?
0	a man	(a man, built, pyramids)	?, built, pyramids	Who built the pyramids?
0	both	(both, built, pyramids)	?, built, pyramids	Who built the pyramids?
1	the Aztecs	(the Aztecs, built, pyramids)	?, built, pyramids	Who built the pyramids?
1	the Jews	(the Jews, building, the Pyramids)	?, built, pyramids	Who built the pyramids?
1	The Maya	(The Maya, built, pyramids)	?, built, pyramids	Who built the pyramids?
1	the Nubians	(the Nubians, built, pyramids)	?, built, pyramids	Who built the pyramids?
0	players	(players, may build, pyramids)	?, built, pyramids	Who built the pyramids?
0	these same people	(these same people, could build, pyramids)	?, built, pyramids	Who built the pyramids?
0	all the workers	(all the workers, built, the pyramids)	?, built, pyramids	Who built the pyramids?
0	the ancients	(the ancients, built, pyramids)	?, built, pyramids	Who built the pyramids?
1	the light bulb	(– Thomas Edison Edison, invented, the light bulb)	thomas edison, invent, ?	What did thomas edison invent?
1	the phonograph	(Thomas Edison’s, invented, the phonograph)	thomas edison, invent, ?	What did thomas edison invent?
0	1879	(Thomas Edison, invented in, 1879)	thomas edison, invent, ?	What did thomas edison invent?
1	the electric lightbulb	(Thomas Edison, invented, the electric lightbulb)	thomas edison, invent, ?	What did thomas edison invent?
1	the incandescent lamp	(Thomas Edison, invented, the incandescent lamp)	thomas edison, invent, ?	What did thomas edison invent?
0	1877	(Thomas Edison, invented the phonograph in, 1877)	thomas edison, invent, ?	What did thomas edison invent?
1	electric light	(Thomas Edison, invented, electric light)	thomas edison, invent, ?	What did thomas edison invent?
1	the incandescent light bulb	(Thomas Edison, invented, the incandescent light bulb)	thomas edison, invent, ?	What did thomas edison invent?
1	the light	(Thomas Edison, invented, the light)	thomas edison, invent, ?	What did thomas edison invent?
1	a bulb	(Thomas Edison, invented, a bulb)	thomas edison, invent, ?	What did thomas edison invent?
1	the first incandescent light bulb	(Thomas Edison, invented, the first incandescent light bulb)	thomas edison, invent, ?	What did thomas edison invent?
1	the first Phonograph	(Thomas Alva Edison, invented, the first Phonograph)	thomas edison, invent, ?	What did thomas edison invent?
1	the incandescent bulb	(Thomas Edison, invented, the incandescent bulb)	thomas edison, invent, ?	What did thomas edison invent?
1	the incandescent light	(Thomas A. Edison, invented, the incandescent light)	thomas edison, invent, ?	What did thomas edison invent?
1	the movie camera	(Thomas Edison, invented, the movie camera)	thomas edison, invent, ?	What did thomas edison invent?
0	1880	(Thomas Edison, invented the light bulb in, 1880)	thomas edison, invent, ?	What did thomas edison invent?
1	another sewing machine	(Thomas Edison, supposedly invented, another sewing machine)	thomas edison, invent, ?	What did thomas edison invent?
0	August 12	(Thomas Edison, invented the phonograph, August 12)	thomas edison, invent, ?	What did thomas edison invent?
0	first	(Thomas Edison, invented the light bulb, first)	thomas edison, invent, ?	What did thomas edison invent?
1	the first light bulb	(Thomas Edison, invented, the first light bulb)	thomas edison, invent, ?	What did thomas edison invent?
1	All foods	(All foods, contain, antioxidants)	(?, contains, antioxidants)	What contains antioxidants?
1	All fruits and vegetables	(All fruits and vegetables, contain, antioxidants)	(?, contains, antioxidants)	What contains antioxidants?
0	All these fruits	(All these fruits, contain, antioxidants)	(?, contains, antioxidants)	What contains antioxidants?
0	All these substances	(All these substances, contain, antioxidants)	(?, contains, antioxidants)	What contains antioxidants?
1	Vegetables	(Vegetables, contain, antioxidants)	(?, contains, antioxidants)	What contains antioxidants?
1	vegetables and fruits	(vegetables and fruits, contain, antioxidants)	(?, contains, antioxidants)	What contains antioxidants?
0	Both	(Both, contain, antioxidants)	(?, contains, antioxidants)	What contains antioxidants?
1	Blueberries	(Blueberries, contain, antioxidants)	(?, contains, antioxidants)	What contains antioxidants?
1	cranberries	(cranberries, contain, antioxidants)	(?, contains, antioxidants)	What contains antioxidants?
1	grapes	(grapes, contain, antioxidants)	(?, contains, antioxidants)	What contains antioxidants?
0	These ingredients	(These ingredients, contain, antioxidants)	(?, contains, antioxidants)	What contains antioxidants?
1	Juices	(Juices, contain, antioxidants)	(?, contains, antioxidants)	What contains antioxidants?
0	Many foods	(Many foods, contain, antioxidants)	(?, contains, antioxidants)	What contains antioxidants?
0	plants	(plants, contain, antioxidants)	(?, contains, antioxidants)	What contains antioxidants?
0	the products	(the products, containing, antioxidants)	(?, contains, antioxidants)	What contains antioxidants?
1	Tea	(Tea, contains, Antioxidant)	(?, contains, antioxidants)	What contains antioxidants?
1	Acai Berry	(Acai Berry, contains, antioxidants)	(?, contains, antioxidants)	What contains antioxidants?
1	Apples	(Apples, contain, antioxidants)	(?, contains, antioxidants)	What contains antioxidants?
1	Astragalus	(Astragalus, contains, antioxidants)	(?, contains, antioxidants)	What contains antioxidants?
0	beans	(beans, contain, antioxidants)	(?, contains, antioxidants)	What contains antioxidants?
0	These storms	(These storms, can produce, winds)	(?, produce, wind)	What produces wind?
0	The energy	(The energy, produces, wind)	(?, produce, wind)	What produces wind?
1	Thunderstorms	(Thunderstorms, produce, winds)	(?, produce, wind)	What produces wind?
0	The storm	(The storm, produced, winds)	(?, produce, wind)	What produces wind?
1	electricity	(electricity, produces, wind)	(?, produce, wind)	What produces wind?
0	Power	(Power, produced by, wind)	(?, produce, wind)	What produces wind?
0	China	(China, produces, more wind turbine Wind turbine)	(?, produce, wind)	What produces wind?
0	The company	(The company, produces, wind power)	(?, produce, wind)	What produces wind?
0	This system	(This system, produced, winds)	(?, produce, wind)	What produces wind?
0	mass	(mass, produce, a self winding wristwatch)	(?, produce, wind)	What produces wind?
1	Severe thunderstorms	(Severe thunderstorms, produce, winds)	(?, produce, wind)	What produces wind?
0	Texas	(Texas, produced, wind damage)	(?, produce, wind)	What produces wind?
0	electrical energy	(electrical energy, produced by, wind)	(?, produce, wind)	What produces wind?
1	the severe thunderstorm	(the severe thunderstorm, produced, wind gusts)	(?, produce, wind)	What produces wind?
1	the sun	(the sun, also produces, wind)	(?, produce, wind)	What produces wind?
1	the waves	(the waves, produced by, wind)	(?, produce, wind)	What produces wind?
0	20 degrees	(20 degrees, produces, a 16 degree wind-chill)	(?, produce, wind)	What produces wind?
0	30 percent	(30 percent, produce, their onw wind or solar energy)	(?, produce, wind)	What produces wind?
1	the aircraft	(the aircraft, produces, relative wind)	(?, produce, wind)	What produces wind?
1	the coast	(the coast, produced, wind)	(?, produce, wind)	What produces wind?
1	Mount Brandon	(Mount Brandon, is the second highest mountain in, Ireland)	?, mountain in, Ireland	What mountains are in ireland?
0	951 metres	(951 metres, is also the highest mountain in, Ireland)	?, mountain in, Ireland	What mountains are in ireland?
0	any snow	(any snow, capped mountains in, Ireland)	?, mountain in, Ireland	What mountains are in ireland?
1	Carrantuohill	(Carrantuohill, is the highest mountain in, Ireland)	?, mountain in, Ireland	What mountains are in ireland?
1	Carrauntoohil	(Carrauntoohil, is the highest mountain in, Ireland)	?, mountain in, Ireland	What mountains are in ireland?
1	Carrauntuohill	(Carrauntuohill, is the highest mountain in, Ireland)	?, mountain in, Ireland	What mountains are in ireland?
0	Connor Pass	(Connor Pass, is the highest mountain pass in, Ireland)	?, mountain in, Ireland	What mountains are in ireland?
0	The Conor Pass	(The Conor Pass, is the highest mountain pass in, Ireland)	?, mountain in, Ireland	What mountains are in ireland?
0	Kerry	(Kerry, has the highest mountains in, Ireland)	?, mountain in, Ireland	What mountains are in ireland?
0	The most	(The most, climbed mountain in, Ireland)	?, mountain in, Ireland	What mountains are in ireland?
1	Slieve Donard	(Slieve Donard, is the highest mountain in, Northern Ireland)	?, mountain in, Ireland	What mountains are in ireland?
1	good health	(bad bacteria, is important for, good health)	bacteria, important for, ?	What are bacteria important for?
0	the health	(these bacteria, are important for, the health)	bacteria, important for, ?	What are bacteria important for?
1	immune system	(intestinal bacteria, is important for, immune system)	bacteria, important for, ?	What are bacteria important for?
0	anyone	(Fighting bacteria, is important for, anyone)	bacteria, important for, ?	What are bacteria important for?
0	children	(the salmonella bacteria, is an important concern for, children)	bacteria, important for, ?	What are bacteria important for?
0	the colonisation	(good bacteria, is important for, the colonisation)	bacteria, important for, ?	What are bacteria important for?
0	the conversion	(bacteria, are important industrially for, the conversion)	bacteria, important for, ?	What are bacteria important for?
1	corals	(these bacteria, seems to be important for, corals)	bacteria, important for, ?	What are bacteria important for?
0	the development	(bacteria, was very important for, the development)	bacteria, important for, ?	What are bacteria important for?
1	digestive health	(Beneficial gut bacteria, are important for, digestive health)	bacteria, important for, ?	What are bacteria important for?
0	the ecology	(bacteria, are important for, the ecology)	bacteria, important for, ?	What are bacteria important for?
1	everyday functions	(Bacteria, are also important for, everyday functions)	bacteria, important for, ?	What are bacteria important for?
1	fighting infection	(Gut bacteria, are so important for, fighting infection)	bacteria, important for, ?	What are bacteria important for?
0	the formation	(bacteria, is important for, the formation)	bacteria, important for, ?	What are bacteria important for?
1	healthy aquatic life	(beneficial bacteria, are important for, healthy aquatic life)	bacteria, important for, ?	What are bacteria important for?
1	healthy digestion	(These good bacteria, are important for, healthy digestion)	bacteria, important for, ?	What are bacteria important for?
0	the home treatment	(the 'bad ' bacteria, is also important for, the home treatment)	bacteria, important for, ?	What are bacteria important for?
0	many reasons	(bacteria, is very important for, many reasons)	bacteria, important for, ?	What are bacteria important for?
0	NETs	(bacteria, is a particularly important role for, NETs)	bacteria, important for, ?	What are bacteria important for?
0	our overall health	(bacteria, is very important for, our overall health)	bacteria, important for, ?	What are bacteria important for?
0	the burning	(Carbon Dioxide, produced by, the burning)	carbon dioxide, produced by, ?	What produces carbon dioxide?
1	the burning of fossil fuels	(Carbon Dioxide, produced by, the burning of fossil fuels)	carbon dioxide, produced by, ?	What produces carbon dioxide?
1	the yeast	(Carbon dioxide, produced by, the yeast)	carbon dioxide, produced by, ?	What produces carbon dioxide?
1	human activity	(Carbon dioxide, produced by, human activity)	carbon dioxide, produced by, ?	What produces carbon dioxide?
1	all cells	(Carbon dioxide, is produced by, all cells)	carbon dioxide, produced by, ?	What produces carbon dioxide?
1	fermentation	(carbon dioxide, is produced by, fermentation)	carbon dioxide, produced by, ?	What produces carbon dioxide?
0	your flight	(Carbon Dioxide, produced by, your flight)	carbon dioxide, produced by, ?	What produces carbon dioxide?
1	fossil fuels	(carbon dioxide, is being produced by, fossil fuels)	carbon dioxide, produced by, ?	What produces carbon dioxide?
0	the respiration	(Carbon Dioxide Carbon dioxide, is produced by, the respiration)	carbon dioxide, produced by, ?	What produces carbon dioxide?
0	the combustion	(Carbon dioxide, is produced by, the combustion)	carbon dioxide, produced by, ?	What produces carbon dioxide?
1	the combustion of fossil fuels	(Carbon dioxide, produced by, the combustion of fossil fuels)	carbon dioxide, produced by, ?	What produces carbon dioxide?
0	man	(the carbon dioxide, produced by, man)	carbon dioxide, produced by, ?	What produces carbon dioxide?
1	metabolism	(Carbon dioxide, is produced by, metabolism)	carbon dioxide, produced by, ?	What produces carbon dioxide?
1	power plants	(the carbon dioxide, produced by, power plants)	carbon dioxide, produced by, ?	What produces carbon dioxide?
0	various activities	(Carbon Dioxide, produced by, various activities)	carbon dioxide, produced by, ?	What produces carbon dioxide?
0	their vehicles	(carbon dioxide, produced by, their vehicles)	carbon dioxide, produced by, ?	What produces carbon dioxide?
1	volcanoes	(carbon dioxide, produced by, volcanoes)	carbon dioxide, produced by, ?	What produces carbon dioxide?
0	all	(more carbon dioxide, was produced by, all)	carbon dioxide, produced by, ?	What produces carbon dioxide?
0	these 122 companies	(man-made carbon dioxide, is produced by, these 122 companies)	carbon dioxide, produced by, ?	What produces carbon dioxide?
0	2020	(carbon dioxide pollution, produced by, 2020)	carbon dioxide, produced by, ?	What produces carbon dioxide?
0	conditions	(Secondary hypertension, can be caused by, conditions)	hypertension, caused by, ?	What is hypertension caused by?
0	a variety	(Hypertension, is caused by, a variety)	hypertension, caused by, ?	What is hypertension caused by?
1	high blood pressure	(hypertension, is caused by, high blood pressure)	hypertension, caused by, ?	What is hypertension caused by?
0	a number	(Hypertension, is caused by, a number)	hypertension, caused by, ?	What is hypertension caused by?
0	some underlying condition	(Secondary hypertension, is caused by, some underlying condition)	hypertension, caused by, ?	What is hypertension caused by?
1	alcohol abuse	(hypertension cases, are caused by, alcohol abuse)	hypertension, caused by, ?	What is hypertension caused by?
1	anxiety	(White coat hypertension, is caused by, anxiety)	hypertension, caused by, ?	What is hypertension caused by?
0	any	(Hypertension, could be caused by, any)	hypertension, caused by, ?	What is hypertension caused by?
1	cirrhosis	(portal hypertension, caused by, cirrhosis)	hypertension, caused by, ?	What is hypertension caused by?
0	an increase	(Portal hypertension, is primarily caused by, an increase)	hypertension, caused by, ?	What is hypertension caused by?
0	an increased resistance	(Hypertension, is caused by, an increased resistance)	hypertension, caused by, ?	What is hypertension caused by?
1	medications	(Hypertension, can be caused either by taking, medications)	hypertension, caused by, ?	What is hypertension caused by?
0	mutations	(Hypertension, can be caused by, mutations)	hypertension, caused by, ?	What is hypertension caused by?
1	mutations in WNK kinases	(Human hypertension, caused by, mutations in WNK kinases)	hypertension, caused by, ?	What is hypertension caused by?
1	narrowing	(Hypertension, can be caused by, narrowing)	hypertension, caused by, ?	What is hypertension caused by?
1	obesity	(hypertension, is caused by, obesity)	hypertension, caused by, ?	What is hypertension caused by?
1	reversible factors	(Secondary hypertension, is caused by, reversible factors)	hypertension, caused by, ?	What is hypertension caused by?
1	stress	(Hypertension, caused by, stress)	hypertension, caused by, ?	What is hypertension caused by?
0	some	(" and hypertension and heart problems, were caused by, some)	hypertension, caused by, ?	What is hypertension caused by?
0	activation	(Obesity-related hypertension, may be caused by, activation)	hypertension, caused by, ?	What is hypertension caused by?
0	the country	(the country, is geographically located in, Africa)	?, is located in, Africa	What is located in africa?
1	Egypt	(Egypt, is located in, Africa)	?, is located in, Africa	What is located in africa?
1	Eritrea	(Eritrea, is located in, East Africa)	?, is located in, Africa	What is located in africa?
1	Kenya	(Kenya, is located in, Africa)	?, is located in, Africa	What is located in africa?
1	Mozambique	(Mozambique, is located in, Africa)	?, is located in, Africa	What is located in africa?
0	The nation	(The nation, is located in, southern Africa)	?, is located in, Africa	What is located in africa?
1	Algeria	(Algeria, is located in, Northern Africa)	?, is located in, Africa	What is located in africa?
1	Ghana	(Ghana, is located in, West Africa)	?, is located in, Africa	What is located in africa?
1	Morocco	(Morocco, is located in, North Africa)	?, is located in, Africa	What is located in africa?
1	Namibia	(Namibia, is located in, southwest Africa)	?, is located in, Africa	What is located in africa?
1	Angola	(Angola, is located in, southwestern Africa)	?, is located in, Africa	What is located in africa?
1	Benin	(Benin, is located in, West Africa)	?, is located in, Africa	What is located in africa?
1	Cameroon	(Cameroon, is located in, western Africa)	?, is located in, Africa	What is located in africa?
1	Malawi	(Malawi, is located in, Southern Africa)	?, is located in, Africa	What is located in africa?
1	Mali	(Mali, is located in, Western Africa)	?, is located in, Africa	What is located in africa?
1	Mauritania	(Mauritania, is a totally safe country located in, Africa)	?, is located in, Africa	What is located in africa?
1	Niger	(Niger, is located in, Africa)	?, is located in, Africa	What is located in africa?
1	Nigeria	(Nigeria, is located in, West Africa)	?, is located in, Africa	What is located in africa?
0	The Republic	(The Republic, is located in, West Africa)	?, is located in, Africa	What is located in africa?
1	Senegal	(Senegal, is located in, Africa)	?, is located in, Africa	What is located in africa?
1	its cuisine	(Belgium, is well known for, its cuisine)	Belgium, is known for, ?	What is Belgium known for?
1	beer	(Belgium, is known for, beer)	Belgium, is known for, ?	What is Belgium known for?
1	its chocolate	(Belgium, was known for, its chocolate)	Belgium, is known for, ?	What is Belgium known for?
0	some	(Germany and Belgium, are known for, some)	Belgium, is known for, ?	What is Belgium known for?
1	its ales	(Belgium, is best known internationally for, its ales)	Belgium, is known for, ?	What is Belgium known for?
1	its beers	(Belgium, is known for, its beers)	Belgium, is known for, ?	What is Belgium known for?
1	the best chocolate	(Belgium, is known for, the best chocolate)	Belgium, is known for, ?	What is Belgium known for?
0	brewing lots	(my country Belgium, is known for, brewing lots)	Belgium, is known for, ?	What is Belgium known for?
1	chocolates	(Belgium, is known internationally for, chocolates)	Belgium, is known for, ?	What is Belgium known for?
0	its Chocolate and so	(Belgium, is well known for, its Chocolate and so)	Belgium, is known for, ?	What is Belgium known for?
1	its comic books	(Belgium, is also well known for, its comic books)	Belgium, is known for, ?	What is Belgium known for?
1	their complex trappist beers	(Belgium, is known more for, their complex trappist beers)	Belgium, is known for, ?	What is Belgium known for?
1	its craft beer Fat Tire	(New Belgium, is known for, its craft beer Fat Tire)	Belgium, is known for, ?	What is Belgium known for?
0	deep involvement	(Belgium, has long been known for, deep involvement)	Belgium, is known for, ?	What is Belgium known for?
1	dirty water	(Belgium, is known for, dirty water)	Belgium, is known for, ?	What is Belgium known for?
1	its diverse region	(The Belgium, is known for, its diverse region)	Belgium, is known for, ?	What is Belgium known for?
1	its environmental sterwardship	(New Belgium, is also known for, its environmental sterwardship)	Belgium, is known for, ?	What is Belgium known for?
1	their excellent quality	(Belgium and France, are known for, their excellent quality)	Belgium, is known for, ?	What is Belgium known for?
1	their exquisite taste	(Belgium, are known for, their exquisite taste)	Belgium, is known for, ?	What is Belgium known for?
0	its extensive selection	(Belgium, is internationally known for, its extensive selection)	Belgium, is known for, ?	What is Belgium known for?
1	its wines	(France, is known for, its wines) (Spain, is also known for, its wines)	$x: (France, is known for, $x) (Spain, is known for, $x)	What are France and Spain both known for?
1	its beaches	(France, is known for, its beaches) (Spain, is known for, its beaches)	$x: (France, is known for, $x) (Spain, is known for, $x)	What are France and Spain both known for?
1	its cheese	(France, is known for, its cheese) (Spain, is well known for, its cheese)	$x: (France, is known for, $x) (Spain, is known for, $x)	What are France and Spain both known for?
1	its friendly people	(France, is well known for, its friendly people) (Spain, is known for, its friendly people)	$x: (France, is known for, $x) (Spain, is known for, $x)	What are France and Spain both known for?
0	its lack	(a France, was still known for, its lack) (Spain, has been known for, its lack)	$x: (France, is known for, $x) (Spain, is known for, $x)	What are France and Spain both known for?
0	the number one	(Spain and France, are well known for being, the number one) (Spain and France, are well known for being, the number one)	$x: (France, is known for, $x) (Spain, is known for, $x)	What are France and Spain both known for?
0	its production	(France, is known for, its production) (Spain, is best known for, its production)	$x: (France, is known for, $x) (Spain, is known for, $x)	What are France and Spain both known for?
1	its rich cultural heritage	(France France, is known for, its rich cultural heritage) (Spain, is well known for, its rich cultural heritage)	$x: (France, is known for, $x) (Spain, is known for, $x)	What are France and Spain both known for?
1	Polar bears	(Polar bears, are found in, arctic region)	?, is found in, Arctic	What is found in the Arctic?
0	PCBs	(PCBs, are still found in, Arctic wildlife)	?, is found in, Arctic	What is found in the Arctic?
1	The Narwhal	(The Narwhal, is only found in, the Arctic)	?, is found in, Arctic	What is found in the Arctic?
1	Narwhals	(Narwhals, are found in, Arctic waters)	?, is found in, Arctic	What is found in the Arctic?
1	oil	(oil, is found in, the Arctic)	?, is found in, Arctic	What is found in the Arctic?
1	Pingos	(Pingos, are found in, many Arctic regions)	?, is found in, Arctic	What is found in the Arctic?
1	The Snowy Owl	(The Snowy Owl, is found only in, the Arctic)	?, is found in, Arctic	What is found in the Arctic?
0	such as	(such as, are also found in, Arctic America)	?, is found in, Arctic	What is found in the Arctic?
0	10 � feet	(10 � feet, are still being found in, the arctic regions)	?, is found in, Arctic	What is found in the Arctic?
0	1200 B.C.	(1200 B.C., have been found in, the Arctic regions)	?, is found in, Arctic	What is found in the Arctic?
0	2063	(2063, are found buried in, the Arctic)	?, is found in, Arctic	What is found in the Arctic?
0	36 taxa	(36 taxa, have been found in, the Arctic Region)	?, is found in, Arctic	What is found in the Arctic?
1	a 375-million-year-old fish	(a 375-million-year-old fish, were found in, the Canadian arctic)	?, is found in, Arctic	What is found in the Arctic?
0	no accumulation	(no accumulation, was found in, Arctic fish)	?, is found in, Arctic	What is found in the Arctic?
1	Alaska	(Alaska, are found in, the Arctic Ocean)	?, is found in, Arctic	What is found in the Arctic?
1	The Alaskan blackfish	(The Alaskan blackfish, is found in, Arctic region)	?, is found in, Arctic	What is found in the Arctic?
0	animals	(animals, have been found buried deep in, the Arctic)	?, is found in, Arctic	What is found in the Arctic?
1	the Atlantic Brant	(the Atlantic Brant, can be found in, the Central Canadian Arctic)	?, is found in, Arctic	What is found in the Arctic?
1	Auks	(Auks, are found in, the arctic regions)	?, is found in, Arctic	What is found in the Arctic?
1	Barren ground caribou	(Barren ground caribou, are found in, the arctic tundra)	?, is found in, Arctic	What is found in the Arctic?
1	Radioactive iodine	(Radioactive iodine, is a byproduct of, nuclear fission)	$x, is byproduct of, fission	What are some byproducts of fission?
1	Plutonium	(Plutonium, is also a by-product of, nuclear fission)	$x, is byproduct of, fission	What are some byproducts of fission?
0	Strontium 90	(Strontium 90, is a byproduct of, nuclear fission)	$x, is byproduct of, fission	What are some byproducts of fission?
0	The acid	(The acid, is a byproduct of, the nuclear fission process)	$x, is byproduct of, fission	What are some byproducts of fission?
0	the environment	(the environment, is also a byproduct of, nuclear fission)	$x, is byproduct of, fission	What are some byproducts of fission?
0	the Fukushima reactors	(the Fukushima reactors, is a byproduct of, nuclear fission)	$x, is byproduct of, fission	What are some byproducts of fission?
0	The iodine	(The iodine, is a common byproduct of, the fission)	$x, is byproduct of, fission	What are some byproducts of fission?
1	Iodine and cesium isotopes	(Iodine and cesium isotopes, are byproducts of, nuclear fission)	$x, is byproduct of, fission	What are some byproducts of fission?
0	man	(man, are by-products of, the fission process)	$x, is byproduct of, fission	What are some byproducts of fission?
0	These particles	(These particles, are a by-product of, nuclear fission)	$x, is byproduct of, fission	What are some byproducts of fission?
1	Pu-239	(Pu-239, is also a by-product of, normal fission power reactors)	$x, is byproduct of, fission	What are some byproducts of fission?
0	a significant constituent	(a significant constituent, is a by-product of, nuclear fission)	$x, is byproduct of, fission	What are some byproducts of fission?
1	Both Xenon 133 and 135	(Both Xenon 133 and 135, are by-products of, nuclear fission)	$x, is byproduct of, fission	What are some byproducts of fission?
1	southeastern Africa	(Mozambique, is located in, southeastern Africa)	Mozambique, is located in, ?	Where is Mozambique?
1	Southeast Africa	(Mozambique, is located in, Southeast Africa)	Mozambique, is located in, ?	Where is Mozambique?
1	southern Africa	(Mozambique, is located in, southern Africa)	Mozambique, is located in, ?	Where is Mozambique?
1	Africa	(Mozambique, is located in, Africa)	Mozambique, is located in, ?	Where is Mozambique?
1	African Countries	(MOZAMBIQUE, is a country located in the geopolitical location, African Countries)	Mozambique, is located in, ?	Where is Mozambique?
0	the capital	(Mozambique, is located in, the capital)	Mozambique, is located in, ?	Where is Mozambique?
0	Countries	(MOZAMBIQUE, is a country located in the geopolitical location, Countries)	Mozambique, is located in, ?	Where is Mozambique?
0	major market towns	(Mozambique, are located primarily in, major market towns)	Mozambique, is located in, ?	Where is Mozambique?
1	Maputo	(Mozambique, is located in, Maputo)	Mozambique, is located in, ?	Where is Mozambique?
0	Namaacha	(Morocco Mozambique Sol Libombos, is located in, Namaacha)	Mozambique, is located in, ?	Where is Mozambique?
0	Western Mozambique	(Mozambique, are located in, Western Mozambique)	Mozambique, is located in, ?	Where is Mozambique?
1	nature	(Fractals, are found extensively in, nature)	fractal, are found in, ?	Where are fractals found?
1	acoustical research	(fractals, has been found in, acoustical research)	fractal, are found in, ?	Where are fractals found?
0	beings and systems	(fractal, is found in living, beings and systems)	fractal, are found in, ?	Where are fractals found?
0	the body	(Fractal forms, are also found in, the body)	fractal, are found in, ?	Where are fractals found?
1	clouds	(fractal geometry, can be found in, clouds)	fractal, are found in, ?	Where are fractals found?
1	coastlines	(Fractals, can be found in, coastlines)	fractal, are found in, ?	Where are fractals found?
0	different parts	(Fractals, are commonly found in, different parts)	fractal, are found in, ?	Where are fractals found?
0	this forum	(these fractals, were found in, this forum)	fractal, are found in, ?	Where are fractals found?
1	heartbeats	(Fractals, can be found in, heartbeats)	fractal, are found in, ?	Where are fractals found?
1	human society	(Fractals, are found even in, human society)	fractal, are found in, ?	Where are fractals found?
1	human systems	(fractals, are also found in, human systems)	fractal, are found in, ?	Where are fractals found?
1	Jackson Pollacks paintings	(Fractals, have been found in, Jackson Pollacks paintings)	fractal, are found in, ?	Where are fractals found?
0	the load profile	(Fractals, can be found in, the load profile)	fractal, are found in, ?	Where are fractals found?
0	my fractal stock folder	(the fractals, can be found in, my fractal stock folder)	fractal, are found in, ?	Where are fractals found?
0	my gallery	(fractals, are found in, my gallery)	fractal, are found in, ?	Where are fractals found?
0	the paintings	(Fractal patterns, have been found in, the paintings)	fractal, are found in, ?	Where are fractals found?
0	Peitgen	(chaos and fractals, can be found in, Peitgen)	fractal, are found in, ?	Where are fractals found?
1	quantum mechanics	(Fractals, have also been found in, quantum mechanics)	fractal, are found in, ?	Where are fractals found?
0	the TUTORIALS section	(My own fractal tutorials, can be found in, the TUTORIALS section)	fractal, are found in, ?	Where are fractals found?
0	a variety	(Fractals, are found in, a variety)	fractal, are found in, ?	Where are fractals found?
1	The Mandelbrot set	(The Mandelbrot set, is an example of, a fractal)	?, is example of | is type of | is kind of | is manifestation of, a fractal	What is an example of a fractal?
1	The Fibonacci Rabbit sequence	(The Fibonacci Rabbit sequence, is an example of, a fractal)	?, is example of | is type of | is kind of | is manifestation of, a fractal	What is an example of a fractal?
0	Etsy	(Etsy, is an example of, a fractal)	?, is example of | is type of | is kind of | is manifestation of, a fractal	What is an example of a fractal?
1	the Mandlebrot set	(the Mandlebrot set, is a well-known example of, a fractal)	?, is example of | is type of | is kind of | is manifestation of, a fractal	What is an example of a fractal?
0	this process	(this process, is an example of, a fractal)	?, is example of | is type of | is kind of | is manifestation of, a fractal	What is an example of a fractal?
0	The self similarity	(The self similarity, is another example of, a fractal process)	?, is example of | is type of | is kind of | is manifestation of, a fractal	What is an example of a fractal?
1	a shoreline	(a shoreline, is another example of, a fractal)	?, is example of | is type of | is kind of | is manifestation of, a fractal	What is an example of a fractal?
1	The Sierpinski Carpet	(The Sierpinski Carpet, is a well-known example of, a fractal)	?, is example of | is type of | is kind of | is manifestation of, a fractal	What is an example of a fractal?
1	The Sierpinski Triangle	(The Sierpinski Triangle, is an example of, a fractal figure)	?, is example of | is type of | is kind of | is manifestation of, a fractal	What is an example of a fractal?
1	A tree	(A tree, is a kind of, a fractal)	?, is example of | is type of | is kind of | is manifestation of, a fractal	What is an example of a fractal?
0	information	(Aggregate information, consists of, information)	information | data, consist of | is made of, ?	What is information made of?
0	your name	(Personal Information, consisting of, your name)	information | data, consist of | is made of, ?	What is information made of?
0	charge	(information, has been made available free of, charge)	information | data, consist of | is made of, ?	What is information made of?
0	the number	(Vegetation information, consisted of, the number)	information | data, consist of | is made of, ?	What is information made of?
0	a series	(electronic health information, consisted of, a series)	information | data, consist of | is made of, ?	What is information made of?
1	bits	(all digital information, is made up of, bits)	information | data, consist of | is made of, ?	What is information made of?
1	data	(Information, consists of, data)	information | data, consist of | is made of, ?	What is information made of?
1	date	(The information, consisted of, date)	information | data, consist of | is made of, ?	What is information made of?
1	numbers	(the information, consists of, numbers)	information | data, consist of | is made of, ?	What is information made of?
1	records	(PSP information, consists of, records)	information | data, consist of | is made of, ?	What is information made of?
0	the following	(additional information, consists of, the following)	information | data, consist of | is made of, ?	What is information made of?
0	two parts	(This information, consists of, two parts)	information | data, consist of | is made of, ?	What is information made of?
0	the facts	(Such information, consists of, the facts)	information | data, consist of | is made of, ?	What is information made of?
0	several fields	(Victim Information, consists of, several fields)	information | data, consist of | is made of, ?	What is information made of?
1	observations	(anecdotal information, consists of, observations)	information | data, consist of | is made of, ?	What is information made of?
0	the people	(An Information Community, consists of, the people)	information | data, consist of | is made of, ?	What is information made of?
0	a set	(RDF information, consists of, a set)	information | data, consist of | is made of, ?	What is information made of?
0	statements	(Other information, consisted of, statements)	information | data, consist of | is made of, ?	What is information made of?
1	text	(Information, may consist of, text)	information | data, consist of | is made of, ?	What is information made of?
0	three components	(information assistants, consists of, three components)	information | data, consist of | is made of, ?	What is information made of?
1	animals	(Cryptozoology, is the study of, animals)	cryptozoology, is study of, ?	What is cryptozoology?
1	hidden animals	(Cryptozoology, is the study of, hidden animals)	cryptozoology, is study of, ?	What is cryptozoology?
0	these creatures	(Cryptozoology, is the study of, these creatures)	cryptozoology, is study of, ?	What is cryptozoology?
1	cryptids	(Cryptozoology, is the study of, cryptids)	cryptozoology, is study of, ?	What is cryptozoology?
1	mysterious creatures	(Cryptozoology, is the study of, mysterious creatures)	cryptozoology, is study of, ?	What is cryptozoology?
0	reports	(Cryptozoology, is the study of, reports)	cryptozoology, is study of, ?	What is cryptozoology?
0	the evidence	(cryptozoology, is the study of, the evidence)	cryptozoology, is study of, ?	What is cryptozoology?
1	mythical creatures	(Cryptozoology, is the study of, mythical creatures)	cryptozoology, is study of, ?	What is cryptozoology?
1	mythic and legendary creatures	(Cryptozoology, is the study of, mythic and legendary creatures)	cryptozoology, is study of, ?	What is cryptozoology?
1	unfathomable animals	(cryptozoology, is the study of, unfathomable animals)	cryptozoology, is study of, ?	What is cryptozoology?
1	unknown animals	(Cryptozoology, is the study of, unknown animals)	cryptozoology, is study of, ?	What is cryptozoology?
1	unknown species	(Cryptozoology, is the study of still, unknown species)	cryptozoology, is study of, ?	What is cryptozoology?
1	unseen animals	(Cryptozoology, is the study of, unseen animals)	cryptozoology, is study of, ?	What is cryptozoology?
1	unverified animals	(cryptozoology, is the study of, unverified animals)	cryptozoology, is study of, ?	What is cryptozoology?
1	Cosmonaut Yuri Gagarin	(Cosmonaut Yuri Gagarin, became the first person in, space)	?, first person in, space	Who was the first person in space?
0	1961	(1961, became the first person in, space)	?, first person in, space	Who was the first person in space?
0	China	(China, put its first person in, space)	?, first person in, space	Who was the first person in space?
1	Colonel Yang Liwei	(Colonel Yang Liwei, became the first Chinese person in, space)	?, first person in, space	Who was the first person in space?
1	Gagarin	(Gagarin, became the first person in, space)	?, first person in, space	Who was the first person in space?
0	Jan 2006	(Jan 2006, was the first person in, space)	?, first person in, space	Who was the first person in space?
0	Nov 13 , 2006	(Nov 13 , 2006, was the first person in, Space)	?, first person in, space	Who was the first person in space?
0	The Russians	(The Russians, put the first person in, space)	?, first person in, space	Who was the first person in space?
1	the Soviet cosmonaut	(the Soviet cosmonaut, became the first person in, space)	?, first person in, space	Who was the first person in space?
1	Soviet cosmonaut Yuri Gagarin	(Soviet cosmonaut Yuri Gagarin, became the first person in, Space)	?, first person in, space	Who was the first person in space?
0	the Vostok 1 craft	(the Vostok 1 craft, became the first person in, space)	?, first person in, space	Who was the first person in space?
0	Who	(Who, was the first person in, space)	?, first person in, space	Who was the first person in space?
1	Yuri Gagarin	(Yuri Gagarin, was the first person in, space)	?, first person in, space	Who was the first person in space?
1	Ethiopia	(coffee, is produced in, Ethiopia) (Ethiopia, is located in, Africa)	$x: (coffee, is produced in | is grown in | is export from, $x) ($x, is located in, Africa)	What places in Africa produce coffee?
0	this country	(coffee, is growing rapidly in, this country) (This country, is located in, North Africa)	$x: (coffee, is produced in | is grown in | is export from, $x) ($x, is located in, Africa)	What places in Africa produce coffee?
0	the world	(coffee, is grown in, the world) (the world, are located in, Africa)	$x: (coffee, is produced in | is grown in | is export from, $x) ($x, is located in, Africa)	What places in Africa produce coffee?
0	these countries	(coffee beans, are produced in, these countries) (These countries, are located in, Africa)	$x: (coffee, is produced in | is grown in | is export from, $x) ($x, is located in, Africa)	What places in Africa produce coffee?
1	Egypt	(Coffee, is an agricultural product produced in, Egypt) (Egypt, is located in, Africa)	$x: (coffee, is produced in | is grown in | is export from, $x) ($x, is located in, Africa)	What places in Africa produce coffee?
1	Uganda	(coffee, is grown in, Uganda) (Uganda, is located in, eastern Africa)	$x: (coffee, is produced in | is grown in | is export from, $x) ($x, is located in, Africa)	What places in Africa produce coffee?
0	one	(Coffee Forests Indian Coffee, is grown in, one) (one, has been located in, Africa)	$x: (coffee, is produced in | is grown in | is export from, $x) ($x, is located in, Africa)	What places in Africa produce coffee?
1	Zambia	(green coffee, are produced in, Zambia) (Zambia, is located in south, central Africa)	$x: (coffee, is produced in | is grown in | is export from, $x) ($x, is located in, Africa)	What places in Africa produce coffee?
1	Kenya	(tea and coffee, are grown in, Kenya) (Kenya, is located in, Africa)	$x: (coffee, is produced in | is grown in | is export from, $x) ($x, is located in, Africa)	What places in Africa produce coffee?
1	Tanzania	(wonderful coffee, is grown in, Tanzania) (Tanzania, is located in, East Africa)	$x: (coffee, is produced in | is grown in | is export from, $x) ($x, is located in, Africa)	What places in Africa produce coffee?
1	Africa	(Coffee, is grown in, Africa) (Africa, is located in, East Africa)	$x: (coffee, is produced in | is grown in | is export from, $x) ($x, is located in, Africa)	What places in Africa produce coffee?
0	this region	(the planet’s finest coffee, is produced in, this region) (this region, is located in, Africa and Brazil)	$x: (coffee, is produced in | is grown in | is export from, $x) ($x, is located in, Africa)	What places in Africa produce coffee?
1	Rwanda	(the way coffee, is produced in, Rwanda) (Rwanda, is located in, Central Africa)	$x: (coffee, is produced in | is grown in | is export from, $x) ($x, is located in, Africa)	What places in Africa produce coffee?
1	Burundi	(Specialty coffee, has been growing in, Burundi) (Burundi, is located in, Eastern Africa)	$x: (coffee, is produced in | is grown in | is export from, $x) ($x, is located in, Africa)	What places in Africa produce coffee?
1	Yemen	(most coffee, was produced in, Yemen) (Yemen, is a country located in the geopolitical location, north africa)	$x: (coffee, is produced in | is grown in | is export from, $x) ($x, is located in, Africa)	What places in Africa produce coffee?
0	several	(Coffee, is grown in, several) (Several, are located in, Africa)	$x: (coffee, is produced in | is grown in | is export from, $x) ($x, is located in, Africa)	What places in Africa produce coffee?
0	's coffee	('s coffee, is produced in, the mountains)	$x: ($x, is produced in | is grown in, mountains)	What is produced in the mountains?
0	this plant	(this plant, is grown in, the mountains)	$x: ($x, is produced in | is grown in, mountains)	What is produced in the mountains?
1	the quinoa	(the quinoa, is grown in, the mountains)	$x: ($x, is produced in | is grown in, mountains)	What is produced in the mountains?
1	FLOWERS	(FLOWERS, is an agricultural product grown in, Mountains)	$x: ($x, is produced in | is grown in, mountains)	What is produced in the mountains?
1	Tea	(Tea, is an agricultural product grown in, Mountains)	$x: ($x, is produced in | is grown in, mountains)	What is produced in the mountains?
0	the world	(the world, is produced in, our Green Mountain State)	$x: ($x, is produced in | is grown in, mountains)	What is produced in the mountains?
0	all	(all, have been successfully grown in, the mountains)	$x: ($x, is produced in | is grown in, mountains)	What is produced in the mountains?
1	cocoa	(cocoa, is grown in, the mountains)	$x: ($x, is produced in | is grown in, mountains)	What is produced in the mountains?
1	Glaciers	(Glaciers, are growing in, the Himalayan Mountains)	$x: ($x, is produced in | is grown in, mountains)	What is produced in the mountains?
1	grapes	(grapes, are grown in, the mountains)	$x: ($x, is produced in | is grown in, mountains)	What is produced in the mountains?
1	herbs	(herbs, is an agricultural product grown in, Mountains)	$x: ($x, is produced in | is grown in, mountains)	What is produced in the mountains?
0	's maca	('s maca, has been organically grown in, the Andes Mountains)	$x: ($x, is produced in | is grown in, mountains)	What is produced in the mountains?
0	this varietal	(this varietal, are grown in, the mountains)	$x: ($x, is produced in | is grown in, mountains)	What is produced in the mountains?
1	zinfandel grapes	(zinfandel grapes, have been growing in, these mountains)	$x: ($x, is produced in | is grown in, mountains)	What is produced in the mountains?
1	' wind energy	(' wind energy, is produced in, the mountain passes)	$x: ($x, is produced in | is grown in, mountains)	What is produced in the mountains?
0	2 zones	(2 zones, are maybe growing in, there mountain range)	$x: ($x, is produced in | is grown in, mountains)	What is produced in the mountains?
0	2’0	(2’0, are produced in, Rocky Mountain texture)	$x: ($x, is produced in | is grown in, mountains)	What is produced in the mountains?
0	Alzheimer	(Alzheimer, are being grown in, the Welsh mountains)	$x: ($x, is produced in | is grown in, mountains)	What is produced in the mountains?
0	These Amate Bark Paintings	(These Amate Bark Paintings, are produced in, the mountains)	$x: ($x, is produced in | is grown in, mountains)	What is produced in the mountains?
1	Amla tree	(Amla tree, is found growing in, the plains and sub-mountain)	$x: ($x, is produced in | is grown in, mountains)	What is produced in the mountains?
1	astronomers	(astronomers, have discovered, a neutron star)	$x, discovered, neutron star	Who discovered neutron stars?
1	NASA Astronomers	(NASA Astronomers, have discovered nearly, 1,800 neutron stars)	$x, discovered, neutron star	Who discovered neutron stars?
0	planets	(planets, have been discovered around, neutron stars)	$x, discovered, neutron star	Who discovered neutron stars?
0	powerful X-rays	(powerful X-rays, has discovered, a neutron star right)	$x, discovered, neutron star	Who discovered neutron stars?
1	Francis Crick	(Francis Crick, discovered the structure of, DNA)	$x, discovered structure of, DNA	Who discovered the structure of DNA?
0	the biologists	(the biologists, discovered the structure of, DNA)	$x, discovered structure of, DNA	Who discovered the structure of DNA?
1	James D. Watson	(James D. Watson, discovered the structure of, DNA)	$x, discovered structure of, DNA	Who discovered the structure of DNA?
1	James Watson	(James Watson, discovered the structure of, DNA)	$x, discovered structure of, DNA	Who discovered the structure of DNA?
1	Crick	(Crick, discovered the structure of, DNA)	$x, discovered structure of, DNA	Who discovered the structure of DNA?
1	Crick and Watson	(Crick and Watson, discovered the structure of, DNA)	$x, discovered structure of, DNA	Who discovered the structure of DNA?
1	scientists	(scientists, discover the structure of, DNA ?)	$x, discovered structure of, DNA	Who discovered the structure of DNA?
0	the 'other way	(the 'other way, is discovering the structure of, DNA)	$x, discovered structure of, DNA	Who discovered the structure of DNA?
1	*Watson	(*Watson, discovered the structure of, DNA)	$x, discovered structure of, DNA	Who discovered the structure of DNA?
0	3:58 pm Francis Crick	(3:58 pm Francis Crick, discovered the secret structure of, DNA)	$x, discovered structure of, DNA	Who discovered the structure of DNA?
0	Biochemist	(Biochemist, discovered the structure of, DNA)	$x, discovered structure of, DNA	Who discovered the structure of DNA?
0	Biology	(Biology, discovered the structure of, DNA)	$x, discovered structure of, DNA	Who discovered the structure of DNA?
0	colleague Francis Crick	(colleague Francis Crick, discovered the structure of, DNA)	$x, discovered structure of, DNA	Who discovered the structure of DNA?
1	Dr. James Watson	(Dr. James Watson, discovered the structure of, DNA)	$x, discovered structure of, DNA	Who discovered the structure of DNA?
1	Dr James Watson	(Dr James Watson, discovered the double helical structure of, DNA)	$x, discovered structure of, DNA	Who discovered the structure of DNA?
1	F. Crick	(F. Crick, discover the structure of, DNA)	$x, discovered structure of, DNA	Who discovered the structure of DNA?
1	F. H. C. Crick	(F. H. C. Crick, discovered the double helical structure of, DNA)	$x, discovered structure of, DNA	Who discovered the structure of DNA?
0	the famous quartet	(the famous quartet, discovered the structure of, DNA)	$x, discovered structure of, DNA	Who discovered the structure of DNA?
0	their friends	(their friends, discover the structure of, DNA)	$x, discovered structure of, DNA	Who discovered the structure of DNA?
0	guy	(guy, discovered the structure of, DNA)	$x, discovered structure of, DNA	Who discovered the structure of DNA?
1	Gutenberg	(Gutenberg, invented, the printing press and printing)	?, invented, printing press	Who invented the printing press?
1	Johannes Gutenberg	(Johannes Gutenberg, invented, his printing press)	?, invented, printing press	Who invented the printing press?
1	Johann Gutenberg	(Johann Gutenberg, invented, the printing press dozens)	?, invented, printing press	Who invented the printing press?
1	Caxton	(Caxton, invented, the printing press)	?, invented, printing press	Who invented the printing press?
1	the Chinese	(the Chinese, invented, the printing press)	?, invented, printing press	Who invented the printing press?
0	the man	(the man, invented, the first printing press)	?, invented, printing press	Who invented the printing press?
1	the German blacksmith	(the German blacksmith, invented, the printing press)	?, invented, printing press	Who invented the printing press?
1	Gutenburg	(Gutenburg, invented, the printing press)	?, invented, printing press	Who invented the printing press?
1	Guttenberg	(Guttenberg, invented, the printing press)	?, invented, printing press	Who invented the printing press?
0	the guy	(the guy, invented, the printing press)	?, invented, printing press	Who invented the printing press?
1	Johannes Gutenburg	(Johannes Gutenburg, invented, the printing press)	?, invented, printing press	Who invented the printing press?
1	John Gutenberg	(John Gutenberg, invented, the printing press)	?, invented, printing press	Who invented the printing press?
0	someone	(someone, invented, the printing press)	?, invented, printing press	Who invented the printing press?
1	William Caxton	(William Caxton, invented, the printing press)	?, invented, printing press	Who invented the printing press?
0	Not	(Not, invent, his printing press)	?, invented, printing press	Who invented the printing press?
0	1436 Johannes Gutenberg	(1436 Johannes Gutenberg, invented, the printing press)	?, invented, printing press	Who invented the printing press?
0	1440 Guttenberg	(1440 Guttenberg, invented, the first printing press)	?, invented, printing press	Who invented the printing press?
0	1450 Gutenberg	(1450 Gutenberg, invented, the printing press)	?, invented, printing press	Who invented the printing press?
0	the 1450’s Gutenberg	(the 1450’s Gutenberg, invented, the movable-type printing press)	?, invented, printing press	Who invented the printing press?
0	1453 Johann Gutenberg	(1453 Johann Gutenberg, invented, the movable type printing press)	?, invented, printing press	Who invented the printing press?
1	the hospital	(Baby, came from, the hospital)	babies, come from, ?	Where do babies come from?
0	a variety	(the babies, came from, a variety)	babies, come from, ?	Where do babies come from?
0	home	(babies, come from, home)	babies, come from, ?	Where do babies come from?
0	their womb	(baby Jesus, came from, their womb)	babies, come from, ?	Where do babies come from?
0	heaven	(babies, coming from, heaven)	babies, come from, ?	Where do babies come from?
1	a mother	(the baby, comes from, a mother)	babies, come from, ?	Where do babies come from?
0	the eggs	(The babies, come from, the eggs)	babies, come from, ?	Where do babies come from?
1	sex	(babies, come from, sex)	babies, come from, ?	Where do babies come from?
0	the dead	(MY baby, comes back from, the dead)	babies, come from, ?	Where do babies come from?
0	the heart	(here baby, comes from, the heart)	babies, come from, ?	Where do babies come from?
0	the Indian word	(The baby girl name, comes from, the Indian word)	babies, come from, ?	Where do babies come from?
0	the NICU	(Some babies, come home from, the NICU)	babies, come from, ?	Where do babies come from?
0	Oregon	(China – Organic Baby Shiitake, are coming from, Oregon)	babies, come from, ?	Where do babies come from?
0	the same place	('s Sugar Baby, comes from, the same place)	babies, come from, ?	Where do babies come from?
0	a seed	(Babies, come from, a seed)	babies, come from, ?	Where do babies come from?
1	the store	(babies, come from, the store)	babies, come from, ?	Where do babies come from?
1	the stork	(Babies, come from, the stork)	babies, come from, ?	Where do babies come from?
1	women	(babies, comes from, women)	babies, come from, ?	Where do babies come from?
0	some	(Our baby monitoring systems, come from, some)	babies, come from, ?	Where do babies come from?
0	above	(A precious new baby, has come from, above)	babies, come from, ?	Where do babies come from?
1	its pizza	(New York, is known for, its pizza)	new york, is known for, ?	What is New York known for?
0	some	(New York, is known for, some)	new york, is known for, ?	What is New York known for?
0	a lot	(New York, is known for, a lot)	new york, is known for, ?	What is New York known for?
0	its nightlife	(New York, is known for, its nightlife)	new york, is known for, ?	What is New York known for?
0	his work	(New York, is known for, his work)	new york, is known for, ?	What is New York known for?
1	basketball	(New York, is known for, basketball)	new york, is known for, ?	What is New York known for?
1	its courtesy	(New York, is known for, its courtesy)	new york, is known for, ?	What is New York known for?
1	its diversity	(New York City, is well known for, its diversity)	new york, is known for, ?	What is New York known for?
0	its exotic fusion	(New York’s cuisines, are known for, its exotic fusion)	new york, is known for, ?	What is New York known for?
1	fashion	(New York, is known for, fashion)	new york, is known for, ?	What is New York known for?
1	its flag-waving patriotism	(The New York Post �, is known for, its flag-waving patriotism)	new york, is known for, ?	What is New York known for?
0	his floppy sculptures	(New York Happenings, is best known for, his floppy sculptures)	new york, is known for, ?	What is New York known for?
1	their great restaurants	(New York, are known for, their great restaurants)	new york, is known for, ?	What is New York known for?
1	its history	(New York, is known for, its history)	new york, is known for, ?	What is New York known for?
1	its museums	(New York, is well-known for, its museums)	new york, is known for, ?	What is New York known for?
1	its neighborhoods	(New York, is known for, its neighborhoods)	new york, is known for, ?	What is New York known for?
0	its passion	(The New York tech crowd, is known for, its passion)	new york, is known for, ?	What is New York known for?
1	the refreshing style	(New York, is quickly becoming known for, the refreshing style)	new york, is known for, ?	What is New York known for?
1	its unparalleled performances	(New York, is known worldwide for, its unparalleled performances)	new york, is known for, ?	What is New York known for?
0	' Chad	(New York Christian, is best known for playing, ' Chad)	new york, is known for, ?	What is New York known for?
0	year-round adventure	(Denver, is known for, year-round adventure)	denver, is known for, ?	What is Denver known for?
0	some	(The Denver real estate area, is also known for having, some)	denver, is known for, ?	What is Denver known for?
0	( Insert Band Name	(Denver, is known for, ( Insert Band Name)	denver, is known for, ?	What is Denver known for?
1	their amazing sports	(Denver CO real estates, are known for, their amazing sports)	denver, is known for, ?	What is Denver known for?
1	being the mile high city	(Denver, is also known for, being the mile high city)	denver, is known for, ?	What is Denver known for?
1	its brewpubs	(Diana Rowe Downtown Denver, is known for, its brewpubs)	denver, is known for, ?	What is Denver known for?
1	its brick construction	(the denver square, is known for, its brick construction)	denver, is known for, ?	What is Denver known for?
0	a calm demeanor	(Denver coach George Gwozdecky, is known for, a calm demeanor)	denver, is known for, ?	What is Denver known for?
0	its collection	(The Denver Art Museum, is known for, its collection)	denver, is known for, ?	What is Denver known for?
0	covers	(A Denver band, was well known for playing, covers)	denver, is known for, ?	What is Denver known for?
0	their defenses	(the Denver teams, were known for, their defenses)	denver, is known for, ?	What is Denver known for?
0	their die-hards	(Fans 4 Denver, is known for, their die-hards)	denver, is known for, ?	What is Denver known for?
1	its famous Rocky Mountains	(Denver, is well known for, its famous Rocky Mountains)	denver, is known for, ?	What is Denver known for?
0	their filled egg combo	(Denver, is known for, their filled egg combo)	denver, is known for, ?	What is Denver known for?
0	its focus	(Denver, is known for, its focus)	denver, is known for, ?	What is Denver known for?
0	their fusion	(Denver FSF, are known for, their fusion)	denver, is known for, ?	What is Denver known for?
1	great living	(Denver, is known for, great living)	denver, is known for, ?	What is Denver known for?
1	its great outdoors	(Denver, is known for, its great outdoors)	denver, is known for, ?	What is Denver known for?
0	the heart	(Independence and Denver, is well know for being, the heart)	denver, is known for, ?	What is Denver known for?
1	its highly regarded public school system	(Denver, is known for, its highly regarded public school system)	denver, is known for, ?	What is Denver known for?
1	business	(your car, is being used for, business)	car, is used for, ?	What are cars used for?
1	business purposes	(a car, is being used for, business purposes)	car, is used for, ?	What are cars used for?
1	transportation	(cars, are used for, transportation)	car, is used for, ?	What are cars used for?
1	personal purposes	(the car, is used for, personal purposes)	car, is used for, ?	What are cars used for?
1	short trips	(Cars, are used for, short trips)	car, is used for, ?	What are cars used for?
0	personal use	(cars, were used for, personal use)	car, is used for, ?	What are cars used for?
0	this purpose	(cars, are specifically used for, this purpose)	car, is used for, ?	What are cars used for?
1	work	(the car, is used for, work)	car, is used for, ?	What are cars used for?
1	commercial purposes	(the car, is being used for, commercial purposes)	car, is used for, ?	What are cars used for?
0	the purposes	(these cars, are being used for, the purposes)	car, is used for, ?	What are cars used for?
1	racing	(the car, was used for, racing)	car, is used for, ?	What are cars used for?
1	towing	(cars, have been used for, towing)	car, is used for, ?	What are cars used for?
0	this transport	(cars, had been used for, this transport)	car, is used for, ?	What are cars used for?
1	travel	(Rental Cars, should be used for, travel)	car, is used for, ?	What are cars used for?
0	years	(cars, have been using the module for, years)	car, is used for, ?	What are cars used for?
0	each and	(car, is easy to use for, each and)	car, is used for, ?	What are cars used for?
0	787 delivery events	(The car, may be used for, 787 delivery events)	car, is used for, ?	What are cars used for?
1	business use	(a car, is used for, business use)	car, is used for, ?	What are cars used for?
1	many years	(the car, is used for, many years)	car, is used for, ?	What are cars used for?
0	more	(cars, could be used for, more)	car, is used for, ?	What are cars used for?
0	scratch	(chocolate, is made from, scratch)	chocolate, is made from, ?	What is chocolate made from?
1	cocoa beans	(Chocolates, are made from, cocoa beans)	chocolate, is made from, ?	What is chocolate made from?
1	Cocoa	(Chocolate, is made from, Cocoa)	chocolate, is made from, ?	What is chocolate made from?
0	these beans	(Chocolate, is made from, these beans)	chocolate, is made from, ?	What is chocolate made from?
1	cacao beans	(Chocolate, is made from, cacao beans)	chocolate, is made from, ?	What is chocolate made from?
0	a blend	(Chocolate, is made from, a blend)	chocolate, is made from, ?	What is chocolate made from?
1	cocoa butter	(chocolate, is made from, cocoa butter)	chocolate, is made from, ?	What is chocolate made from?
1	seeds	(Chocolate, is made from, seeds)	chocolate, is made from, ?	What is chocolate made from?
1	plants	(Chocolate, is made from, plants)	chocolate, is made from, ?	What is chocolate made from?
0	the bean	(Chocolate, is a natural product made from, the bean)	chocolate, is made from, ?	What is chocolate made from?
1	the cacao bean	(Chocolate Chocolate, is made from, the cacao bean)	chocolate, is made from, ?	What is chocolate made from?
0	the finest ingredients	(their chocolate, is made from only, the finest ingredients)	chocolate, is made from, ?	What is chocolate made from?
1	cacao	(Chocolates, are made from, cacao)	chocolate, is made from, ?	What is chocolate made from?
1	the chocolate tree	(chocolate, is made from, the chocolate tree)	chocolate, is made from, ?	What is chocolate made from?
0	dark , bitter chocolate	(Mexican chocolate, is made from, dark , bitter chocolate)	chocolate, is made from, ?	What is chocolate made from?
1	the finest quality cacao	(Chocolate, is made from, the finest quality cacao)	chocolate, is made from, ?	What is chocolate made from?
1	forastero beans	(Most chocolate, is made from, forastero beans)	chocolate, is made from, ?	What is chocolate made from?
0	the fruit	(Chocolate, is made from, the fruit)	chocolate, is made from, ?	What is chocolate made from?
0	the ingredients	(chocolate, was made from, the ingredients)	chocolate, is made from, ?	What is chocolate made from?
0	a mixture	(Chocolate, is made from, a mixture)	chocolate, is made from, ?	What is chocolate made from?
1	soap	(cilantro, tastes like, soap)	cilantro, taste like, ?	What does cilantro taste like?
1	antibacterial soap	(cilantro, tasted like, antibacterial soap)	cilantro, taste like, ?	What does cilantro taste like?
0	a dirty slap	(an anti cilantro community, tastes like, a dirty slap)	cilantro, taste like, ?	What does cilantro taste like?
1	dish soap	(Cilantro, tastes like, dish soap)	cilantro, taste like, ?	What does cilantro taste like?
1	a mild Thai curry	(cilantro, tasted like, a mild Thai curry)	cilantro, taste like, ?	What does cilantro taste like?
0	normal Italian parsley plus bits	(cilantro, tastes like, normal Italian parsley plus bits)	cilantro, taste like, ?	What does cilantro taste like?
0	items	(items, can be labeled for, easy recycling)	?, can be, recycle	What can be recycled?
1	the paper	(the paper, can be, recycle)	?, can be, recycle	What can be recycled?
0	products	(products, can be taken apart for, recycling)	?, can be, recycle	What can be recycled?
0	all	(all, can be made from, recycled material)	?, can be, recycle	What can be recycled?
1	Aluminum	(Aluminum, can be, 100 % recycled)	?, can be, recycle	What can be recycled?
1	batteries	(batteries, can be collected for, recycling)	?, can be, recycle	What can be recycled?
0	Such files	(Such files, can be accessed from, the recycle bin)	?, can be, recycle	What can be recycled?
0	the bottle	(the bottle, can be made with, recycled polyethylene)	?, can be, recycle	What can be recycled?
0	The following items	(The following items, can be dropped off for, recycling)	?, can be, recycle	What can be recycled?
0	materials	(materials, can be collected for, recycling)	?, can be, recycle	What can be recycled?
0	wood	(wood, can be made from, recycled metal)	?, can be, recycle	What can be recycled?
0	20 cans	(20 cans, can be made from, recycled material)	?, can be, recycle	What can be recycled?
0	auditorium	(auditorium, can here be enduring, recycled compliant fittings)	?, can be, recycle	What can be recycled?
0	bins	(bins, can be placed in, the yellow recycling skips)	?, can be, recycle	What can be recycled?
0	certain recyclables	(certain recyclables, can be dropped off for, recycling)	?, can be, recycle	What can be recycled?
0	The collars	(The collars, can either be hand-crafted with, recycled materials)	?, can be, recycle	What can be recycled?
0	concrete	(concrete, can be, recycled materials)	?, can be, recycle	What can be recycled?
0	different materials	(different materials, can be taken for, recycling)	?, can be, recycle	What can be recycled?
0	fast food places	(fast food places, can also be made from, recycled materials)	?, can be, recycle	What can be recycled?
0	This file	(This file, can be restored from, the Recycle Bin)	?, can be, recycle	What can be recycled?
1	the consumer	(the consumer, can’t be tossed in, the recycling bin)	?, can't be, recycle	What can't be recycled?
0	Disposable cups	(Disposable cups, can’t be made from, recycled paper)	?, can't be, recycle	What can't be recycled?
0	all jewelry	(all jewelry, can’t be made from, recycled material)	?, can't be, recycle	What can't be recycled?
0	list	(list, can’t be recycled on, all recycling containers)	?, can't be, recycle	What can't be recycled?
1	Polystyrene	(Polystyrene, can’t be recycled from, kerbside recycling bins)	?, can't be, recycle	What can't be recycled?
0	the country	(Liberty, has a different meaning for, the country)	liberty, mean, ?	What does liberty mean?
1	freedom	(Liberty, meant, freedom)	liberty, mean, ?	What does liberty mean?
0	liberty	(Economic liberty, would mean, liberty)	liberty, mean, ?	What does liberty mean?
0	U.S. currency	(Liberty Dollar coins, meant to resemble, U.S. currency)	liberty, mean, ?	What does liberty mean?
0	17.983	(Liberty Reservoir, Mean depth, 17.983)	liberty, mean, ?	What does liberty mean?
0	actual restraint	(liberty, meant freedom from, actual restraint)	liberty, mean, ?	What does liberty mean?
0	Americans anymore	(civil liberties, mean anything to, Americans anymore)	liberty, mean, ?	What does liberty mean?
0	change results	(Liberty, has little meaning unless, change results)	liberty, mean, ?	What does liberty mean?
1	death	(liberty, meant, death)	liberty, mean, ?	What does liberty mean?
0	different people	(Liberty, meant different things for, different people)	liberty, mean, ?	What does liberty mean?
1	the enlightenment	(Liberty, was meant to symbolize, the enlightenment)	liberty, mean, ?	What does liberty mean?
0	the faith	(religious liberty, mean forcing, the faith)	liberty, mean, ?	What does liberty mean?
0	the goal	(Liberty, are meant to be, the goal)	liberty, mean, ?	What does liberty mean?
0	the Gospel	(liberty, must mean, the Gospel)	liberty, mean, ?	What does liberty mean?
0	gov't intrusion and freedom	(Liberty, can mean absence of, gov't intrusion and freedom)	liberty, mean, ?	What does liberty mean?
0	government	(Liberty, meant restrictions on, government)	liberty, mean, ?	What does liberty mean?
0	the history	(freedom and liberty, have meant throughout, the history)	liberty, mean, ?	What does liberty mean?
0	an inclusive movement	(Justice and Liberty, was meant to be, an inclusive movement)	liberty, mean, ?	What does liberty mean?
0	the law	(The word liberty, has a technical meaning in, the law)	liberty, mean, ?	What does liberty mean?
0	life	(liberty, is the meaning of, life)	liberty, mean, ?	What does liberty mean?
0	freedom	(freedom of choice, meant, freedom)	freedom, mean, ?	What does freedom mean?
1	Life	(freedom, meant, Life)	freedom, mean, ?	What does freedom mean?
0	each	(freedom, meant to, each)	freedom, mean, ?	What does freedom mean?
1	a choice	(Freedom, meant, a choice)	freedom, mean, ?	What does freedom mean?
0	everyone	(freedom, has a different meaning for, everyone)	freedom, mean, ?	What does freedom mean?
0	a man	(freedom, mean to, a man)	freedom, mean, ?	What does freedom mean?
0	more	(Freedom, meant, more)	freedom, mean, ?	What does freedom mean?
0	much	(Freedom, meant, much)	freedom, mean, ?	What does freedom mean?
0	our people	(our freedom, will mean nothing as long as, our people)	freedom, mean, ?	What does freedom mean?
0	religion	(religious freedom, can therefore mean only freedom for, religion)	freedom, mean, ?	What does freedom mean?
0	different people	(Freedom, can mean different things to, different people)	freedom, mean, ?	What does freedom mean?
1	independence	(real freedom, meant, independence)	freedom, mean, ?	What does freedom mean?
0	the Iraqi people	(freedom, really may mean something to, the Iraqi people)	freedom, mean, ?	What does freedom mean?
1	liberation	(freedom, meant, liberation)	freedom, mean, ?	What does freedom mean?
0	your main character	(Freedom, mean for, your main character)	freedom, mean, ?	What does freedom mean?
0	slaves	(freedom, meant a great deal to, slaves)	freedom, mean, ?	What does freedom mean?
0	the substitution	(freedom, meant only, the substitution)	freedom, mean, ?	What does freedom mean?
1	Truth	(freedom, meant, Truth)	freedom, mean, ?	What does freedom mean?
0	1789	(Equality and Freedom, meant totally different things in, 1789)	freedom, mean, ?	What does freedom mean?
0	absence	(Freedom, is meaning­fully definable only as, absence)	freedom, mean, ?	What does freedom mean?
